WtF!

Im sure you can slack without me

Just roar instead

My local supermarket told me to come back 8am as that is when stock comes in. All goes by 2pm

My supermarket all fruit & veg & pasta & rice are gone but there is plenty of drink & cereal

Lots of mircowave food left

Sounds fake but I want it to be true

Playing the new Doom this evening! Rrrrrooaarrrr

Where are the butlers? I thought west london was filled rich people & their butlers

Anyone seen "The Dead Zone" (1982)? Any good?

Should be good being directed by David Cronenberg

I don't discriminate

Downloaded it from another feed

Yeah thanks for channel share. Watching one on dissatisfaction

I like the animations/the look of the video. High production for YouTube content

We should socially interact somehow like play a game or voice chat

 I know it's against your developer code

No as far as I'm aware. There would be a market for that

I have too many ideas to work on, need to filter them down somehow

I've seen this 

You can watch & mesaage netflix together

Playing the new Doom, its wow!

Yeah it is werid bizzare times. I've been chatting to this girl for a while on an dating app (she is lovely), but now it is like "what do you do next?" We can't exactly meet at pub or restaurants so may be phone calls for a while till we built the trust between us go to places which are virus free.

Anyway 1st world dating problem

When you wanna game or chat? Playing the new Doom right now

That could work

That is funny.

The whole salid cream with noodles thing

I don't think it is happening mate

WTF is that? The Rubyinator?

Make "a ruby on wheels"

That will ease your fanbase

Anyone want to chat or game today?

What you watching?

What app we wanna use? Zoom? Or Skype?

I have PS4 we could chat that too

Never used for slack for video calls, didnt know you could

Slack then?

Sorry just signing in on my laptop

Do you need to pay for group calls?

Most businesses pay don’t they?

 Does this link work? Do you have zoom app installed on your mac or phone?

Can you hear me?

I can’t hear you darling

Might be your mic settings

This happens to me when the mic/sound settings are incorrect

yeah indeedo! Good to catch up that you’re not some AI and real people.

 Get Ape Out and nintendo online, it’s your destiny along with project DJ

64 affected in my area of Hackney

 Not sure about posh lion land or 

 South east water land

Just stay indoors when you can till it blows over.

Certainly going to get very fat by then

That’s all we can do really

I look forward for the apocalypse, toilet roll hunting begins

That is english people for you I’m afraid or people from western cultures whatever how fine or thick your brush is.

Myself, Lion, Matt and Big Chris

 Do you have a switch? 

 You have one right? Do you have Mario Kart?

We want to do it again, perhaps Friday beers

Beers then Switch

Mario Kart is calling for you 

It is your destiny

 Yeah I’m afraid so, unless you guys wanna party later? 

Give us a video!

You need to be newscaster for Mexico reporting on ruby related updates in Mexican’t

Is your company enforcing the work from home yet?

How do you know? You should follow them!

You work in slock market industry right? Must lots of coke floating around to make focused for those alnighters

Jambox party?

I was going to say jambox and jackbox are very different things

Really? I thought they love abit coke with their kids as well

Random Question; Has anyone successfully got & asked for more money for their job?

You make a good reporter

Have you asked them?

Going for a interview on Friday, if I get offered it. it is same money for less stress & responsibility. Attempted to say to my current employer, pay more or I’m leaving for this new role.

Nah I’m perm.

Contracting in London is dying because of IR35

Roooaarrr! A shell will going into a bum for sure

Animal Crossing is great game to play with your GF because it’s so non-offensive, easy going and pleasant to play which everyone can enjoy.

I played Animal Crossing on my Gamecube with my GF and I think she enjoyed me more than I did and she wasn’t a gamer at all.

It’s cleverly designed because it is basically a mobile game for girls but dressed up as a game for guys

In USA, they would beat you to death and broadcast it on Apple TV

In spain, they just tell you to go to sleep

In france, they tell you “lack passion or honor”

Wagon wheels? I didn’t realise they were still a tjing. I used to have them as a kid.

You live in Croydon right?

It’s pretty normal for Croydon

Sounds like amazing idea. Leon's brothers out smashing the town up!

Is any links or videos on today's Boris announcments?

Expensive solution would be rent a house in wales somewhere near civilisation but not in it. London right now is getting abit crazy; slowly becoming mad max.

It's spreading fast in London

You see. I see the future in you guys

Its so ridiculous and desperate

Is that you? 

Maybe I’m special

I do contribute to society by speaking to donkeys.

You should be pro by now?

What tips do you have?

Sounds very oasis of you. I didn’t realise you were a fan?

 you're getting alot of love lion today

Alot of animal love is what

Watching the documentary "Tiger King"

Rage quiting? From what I watched so far; it represents Lion kind in a positive light

This is lamest looking wild cats I've ever seen

I so wanna go! 

 Do you anywhere near Wynnewood?

Yeah I know. I was only joking, appreciating the beautiful poster art.

Watching it. He should be your idol, he made 2 albums & 8 music videos

How rock n roll! I guess Rape & paedophilia is abit last year.

Sounds very hipster and digital nomad

Will love song be vegan friendly too?

& animal friendly?

This is pretty good value for money when you can actually go to the cinema

You can choose your font if you want & isn't the default font on Android

Why is that bad?

Oh fuck. There been roughly 2k more deaths since yesterday. 

60k more infected

This is worldwide

Yeah same here. I was attempted for offer of £50 for a year but its just going to be filled with marvel & SW crap

If they had more Fox stuff then I be more tempted

Random Q: can you do video calls on whatsApp?

 I know you are youtuber. 

Yes Ruby

Rent out a Ruby palace in the countryside

in the uk

Same here

By going there to parents you end up risking getting it & spreading

The problem there isn’t enough data/info to make a informed decision either way. some of asian friends are moaning that countries Korea & Singapore that they have apps that tell you where the infected people have been previously and have tight precautions where you have been tested before entering any public buildings

 You agree? You feeling alright?

Same for my folks. They are real victims to all of the fake news & facts.  According to them, London is like “Mad Max”, to me it’s quiet

Keep ringing me asking if i have enough food. I know it’s coming from a good place but I wonder the terror is the everything else but not the actual virus itself. Mind over matter

 Being an logic god; the questions if I would ask yourself;
1.) What would be likelyhood of getting it? Do you have resources/situcation to stay away?
2.) If you do get it, what is hospital like to get you treated?

1.) Yes likely - then come back
if no, then don’t

Because UK health service is better from what your describing

You’re living the life of a god!

I would love that challenge!

Portal 2 was awesome too

It sugguested in Portal 2 that it was apart of the same unverise of HL

But you don't know for certain

To play the New HL may go to VR cafe, probably the easiest & cheapest way

There is plenty of VR cafes in London

Actually bloody hell, VR cafes in London are pricey £30 per hour - 

May cheaper to buy your kit for HL

Even croydon world it is £25 - 

They would offer to sell you a gun and hooker whilst they are it. Croydon front.

I guess they have staff to pay and rates to pay.

Running stores sounds fun but it’s really hard to business to make a good living from

On the VR note; I just don’t think cultural in the west we want to play games in publically/socially.
It’s seen as abit werid/geeky.

 Look at game arcades, just don’t exist in the west where Asia (Mainly Japan) they are everywhere.

I find GTA quite abit boring now. Someone needs to take that sandbox concept to next level.  What If you play as a different person/role in random situation in Zombie apocalypse breaking out in a city and you have to free will to do what you want in that city.

You could appear as a cop or businessman, doctor. Each role/person has their own resources & abilities. You could choose to use your abilities to try to stop the zombie outbreak or get out of the city. Also people may try to kill you for you gun or medkit as well. That would be interesting.

Fortnight meets GTA

Sandbox games since PS2 gen has been structural & game rules wise the same, just better graphics & bigger environments.

Breath of the Wild is one of a kind for sure.

 Cool! Glad that someone is thinking of such things

state of decay 2 is sort of what like described

I’ve played that co-op 3 players but characters are different in stats but have the same mechanics

Just a contextual skin to communicate the concept that you can relate to but could be million of other contexts. The concept is sandbox with different roles & different mechanics for each role.  Could be a village in WW2 or could be city during a earthquake or could be fantasy world with elves, etc

How would this game system work with those contexts? Or communicate the system to a user? I can’t just random context, has to communicate purpose of the game.

I think having different conversations. I'm talking game systems & game mechanics & the game structure for sandbox games. They are pretty much the same game with different textures/context - Farcry, assassion creed, GTA, Sanit row, etc

There is alot of online game talks - 

 if interested

I used to quite like Cloud Nothings, never hear of Homeshake, any good? Are they vegan?

Are the band member 2 metres away from each other? Playing whilst social distancing

 

 I think you like this song and the song’s title


If you feel like you could or would kiss data?

I enjoy abit of Com Trusie. He has played quite a few times in London, always miss him. Played at pub dalston near me once.

Oh wow, it’s very vapour and lo-fi. Thanks for the worthy mention 

Oh dude that sucks!

Do you have any funds to last you whilst you look for new work?

You should send them roar memes

Yeah indeedo

Potion Pictures? Sounds like crack down waiting to happen

I’m up for making a game

Yeah enjoy the freedom

I haven’t used unreal in years

I used to use alot of value hammer

Half Life engine/level editor

This was years ago - early 00's

Valve used to build HL2

They gave you levels in HL2 in the editor so you learn how they built them

it’s very cool

I used to use Unreal as well at similar time period but I perferred Valve

Yup

You could place textures & map them on the models in real time as well in the level editor. I think they had a modeling tool as well to creat your own assets

Yup

You guys were talking Portal before; you should play manifold garden. It’s amazing and quite similar type of game/XP

It’s on Apple Arcade

You have a iPhone

Mind you it’s a small screen

I can play with a PS4 controller via blu teeth

30 days trial

No excuses, where is your honor?

lol

You’re apple fanboy aren’t you? It’s £5 per month is worth it isn’t it? You probably pay that for icloud or whatever or whatever apple tax schemes they have going.

Manifold garden will be on consoles soon no doubt

Oh wow! A world recession is going to happen. Asian people & Facebook & robots will get the blame

Says the guy that won’t give Apple for actually providing a quality product

It’s fucked up.

Games are good. but the Hardware & OS is over priced crap tho

Then they are corporate security firms to fight against the protesters getting paid per protester kill.

Yeah or just belong rich people don’t move on to something else for their additional wealth

It was that one. Ruby

Nah I didn't make up with the subscriptions

That is crazy but very cool use case for drones & virus control. Drones won't be out of a job anytime soon

 She was named after you being god & all. Can't your cult pay for it?

You have many fans. Isn't like investing in icongraphy or PR?

What? to your fans or What? to investment? Or what to PR?

The question is in this context: Is it good that he is being honest & transparency (and aware what is everyone is thinking)? Or this is PR trick/act to make him look like good guy? With politics there is always a hidden agenda/trying to convent something in non-direct way.  What is that?

Possible theory but be careful of who’s agenda it is putting this out there. Someone could be hugely benefiting from you (& many others) believing this?
But it’s fun finding/seeing those patterns of the system to see a conspiracy but belong it is just that.

Do you think this is true or BS?

 yeah indeedo. I know people who believe this stuff and wants to kill every asian person they see because believe they are carriers to destroy western world.

He is getting his treatment? In germany?

Germans are very efficient so I’m sure he is in good hands

Grrraawww

Went to bed at 5am

Ruby started to get his dogs out

Showing us his ruby palace

I was very disappointed that he didn't show any of his code

Anyone up for chat/game session today?

Just watching "Castle in the Sky" forgotten how playful & whimsical. Fancy playing something 4.30pm? Red dead 2 perhaps?

Art direction is amazing

Give me 15 mins, castle in the sky is just wrapping up

Glad you are using your godly talents in worthy places

saving the planet from boredom

Inside is perfect

I look forward to see what playdead comes up with next

Yup

There is alot of crap on the switch store, hard to discover what you’re looking for. I thought app stores & PSN were bad.

Great idea - 

Although I do wonder how it could backfire? Stealing passports to get certain zones/countries

With 3000 miles of sea between us that is going to be difficult.

Perhaps you need to become toilet roll king of mexico city

I hate to break to you but you’re not “Jesus” yet. Jesus did alot of upfront PR sturt work (as some may say he was one of 1st con men) to get this following.

What is your ideology or philosophy as a god?

Oh lion boy!

 If you're that bored, we can always play a game or film together?

You reliving your hunt as if you're in the wild?

You are in the wild. Wilderness of your mind.

How you think & see things around you is the only freedom anyone really has. So just hunt your food in your living room grrrraawww

 Why don’t you not do the same thing? You certainly be less bored.

In fact we don’t you all join in attacking your food?

Go on! 

 Show us some roar action!

Where's your honor?

Its sounds like everyone is suffering from cabin fever

You guys should hunt your food, you feel better!

especially 

 being a lion and all

It deserved it for sitting there.

Very good!

Next time, shout out “I’m a ruby god!

Looks like a nice part of town! You should join in

Up for beers & Mario Kart again this Friday?

Nah outside with the band

1st video outside your window

The dog seemed of enjoyed your love for batman returns

of course you can!

Although not sure if I can give get access to beer. I seem to can’t get any food right now

so I pretend to drink

Sounds like a ruby plan

Uber eats might be my last option

I thought Mexico was filled hookers and pimps fighting over terrain.

I mean online delivery. I don’t want to risk going to store especially my area they intend walk into you and not give a shit!

Although I’ve found one store that has produce I want and people keep their distance. The lanes can only fit one person. it was bizarre experience, it was like playing Pacman with shopping lanes, people would see and move around the maze. They were like ghosts & i’m pacman on the pill

So I could go there but it’s been a week. Probably been raided and toilet roll crew has taken over, beating to people to death for some roll

Pun battle begins

Busy getting paid or snitching!

My only useful tip is you need to say “Jenny” because it give a boost in energy whilst running.

Dude it sounds like you have boring slow sex

Developers will love it because there is no emotion and efficiency for belonged activity

Pretty cool! Good timing because during this time of being stuck at home, I’ve thought I spend time on making some music. What you recommend as music for a dummy (newbie)?

Been thinking to get a Tenori-on

Easy to use instrument

Otamatone

 Is this what you referring to?

Can you record to a computer & store/save tracks from it?

Cool

GarageBand better on mac or iPad? I'm assuming iPad has limited options for exporting tracks

Mixcraft seems to be PC only :(

Garage band is developed by Apple, fuck that! It will be rubbish & sell my music & data!

Ruby God Sounds API

DJ Ruby with boobies

Ruby Cube delupe needs a darn loo with a flu

It's not very street nor gangster rap

Maybe I need to invent geek rap

Geek chic crap

Get a photo of pretend strangling Samir for album & call it "Mexican't we aren't". Sell for millions

Trump voters, hipsters, geeks will buy it

 You live near there dont ya? 

I like fish one with the new order track

I tempted to visit because I love deers

Perhaps we should a channel called “Logic”

Logic channel created

And added soundbypes to soundmachine

I guess you could change your name as you got older and become senior Lion!

Master Lion if you are a grandad

Perhaps they all came out to see you, you are an Lion after all.

Wanna drink & mario kart later tonight?

I’m game

Shame Lion isn’t here, I fancy roariing at someone

Give 10 mins. Weridly arranging  formy sister to order food for me via Saintburys online in Kent to deliver to London abit bizzare

Join in the zoom

Was it self indulgent with scenes filled with random dialogue that says nothing?

When I remember dreams they just don't make any coherent sense at all. I remember like a random scene of David Lych film with no context

Poor dog. Which one is that?

Jackie brown is my fav

Oh Ruby

Seems like you thought about it alot. I never feel that I'm in control of myself in dreams, feels like film warching my person.

What if eat your hands in your dream?

Generally I had a dream that pooed out eggs & my hands turned to bacon & eaten my hands. It means vanity or self worth.

Dog dier is needed. Feed him beans

Dreams are meant to mean something. Your mind is trying to tell you something

In my 20's (Believe it or not) I was abit fit healthy mad & I was really skinny fitting 28 jeans

Stepanie send me this. Sounds like amazing film

True that

Do any of guys still speak with Stepanie (frog girl)?

 Lovely speaking with you but what you doing up? isn't it like 5am in Mexican't City?

Who is the owner/parent of the dog? Flat mate or GF?

 You may like this. It's based on that artist that you had a book on 

Make Ruby on wheels or Ruby on deals

Money = resources
Resources = surivial

You're in a lucky position that you don't have to go outside your flat. You will survive it as it is money game as food will keep going up.

And doing your work in Ruby palace with 2 dogs. I just got two rooms & 2 wank hands

I just recently hear of it. I've seen that guy artwork/books but I didn't realize they made TV series on this work

Project Ruby

Anyone want to chat or game today?

Right now I’m roaring at my TV which I’m sure I can do something do more productive with my time

I personally like Brutalism. All bad examples that people refer to; is because no one maintained them properly. Like software, bikes, anything if you don’t look after it, I just go to shit no matter how well made it is or designed.

Also for me, it’s just interesting period of history when we coming up with many progressive modernism ideas at the time. Even today, we aren’t fully realised them all as yet. My hipster friends debate that we are in post-modern age because they seem fulfilling & implementing ideas from 50's & 60's.

We know all you love him which is why you keep posting pictures on him on your FB

Billy Corgan got it because its quite serious heart felt song

 one of your brothers in claws has got it  

I appreciate you dig the verbiage. I thought you being inspiring figure in the Cat world like a "Hulk Hogan" or "Obama", you would say some words to the Tiger? I don't think her/he has access to Zoom so may have rely on Samir or work with sea cats to pass your message.

 Sounds like a good coronavirus song there

That sounds amazing! Good Job

Oh wow that is amazing, you have outdone yourself! Should we work on EP? & call it “social roaring”

I think we may some additional lyrics “Roar! We call this social Roaring, prevent the corona from taking over!”

“All those speedy cheatahs with their bikes should chill out”

“Why is everyone is out in the wild hanging out but should be hanging apart!”

Done, just send some more lypics over!

Spoken like a true leader!

Wow! What a masterpiece.

One track done for "Social Roaring" EP

What should be the next track be about?

Ruby Logic?

I think I need to work on lyrics but its a good 1st iteration.

Imaging Ruby as James Bond villian makes me laugh.

With his ruby fist

Or eye

That is every news story ever. Distraction of the same problem at hand

There is plenty of politicans that will take his place with pleasure. I can't get upset for someone I don't know.

I agree.

+ he is back hander from Dyson no doubt. You don't have to pay tax if you fill my pockets instead

Clever PR spin by Apple

What is difference? Romans had gladiators, middle ages had hangings, now we have internet. "Keep people feed & entertained, stops rioting" some roman general said that.

Same shit, different spectacle

Says the guy takes his facts & opinions from reilable source of Facebook.

I'm so out of shape, I used to be able to 50 sit ups with no sweat. Now I sweat my ass off & can only make 35

What are you guys doing to keep fit?

I never weight myself so I don't know what my fit or unfit weight is.

I haven't got a clue about physical health science, I know that fat be used to built muscle & it easier to lose fat/weight with more muscle you have.

Thats why it's harder for unfit people to lose weight because they don't have muscle to help with the process.

living like a Ruby god with your Ruby eye

We need to make social distance app that makes a roar sound when someone is in 2 metres range

Or play the roar song

I've had a moan at 2 people already today, they just don't get it

Couple were having conversation on small walk bridge so no one could pass

Within 2 metres range

This is most exercise I've had in a month. Lovely to have a decent walk during the day

About to play park pac-man

Attempted to play the roar song loudly on repeat

 Why you tuting? You should be 

Roaring 

at them! They be inspired and informed at the same time

especially with your presents

Any other creative feedback; was there enough roars in there? Did they get the deeper message? Or just confused?

lol

Good to hear 

 We may have setup a official band “Broken Digital Scene”, “The Space Lions”

Talking of which - 

I knew that space lions will be a thing!

I forgot how good Cowboy bebop is and the soundtrack.

Space Jazz

I love how the music is just fusion of genres & cultures, it’s boiling pot of ideas. Like this track is african tribe thing going with Jazz and 80's synths

Oh wow that sounds awesome!

Great track. Reminds of cornelius (Japanese DJ who did the music for Katamri games 

Looks like something from Portal or sci-fi movie

That is inspiring! I’m going to have a wank now

Do you think “wanking at home, save lives” is more inspiring?

What can I say? I like more punchy & inspiring one liners which allows free will within boundaries. Having wank at home is that!

What is a good torrent site for movies & TV shows?

£120 for apple pencil. Oh wow, that is daylight robbery. Can you use different pens from wacom/another provider? I like to draw on a tablet but just doing it for fun, I’m not a professional artist or anything.

 Have you interacted with the NYC Tiger yet?

I used to use Wacom at uni but that was like 14 years ago now

It was very niche then

Just a bummer, there isn’t amateur version because for yourself I’m sure it’s worth every penny as that is your bread & butter but for me; who just wants to draw some space donkeys when I have some downtime, it’s very difficult to justify that price tag.

What’s the catch? Did she/he stick up their ass? I hope you washed it before using it

“To me” as Lion fan? You have many fans right? Do you roar at them or do you roar at you?

Do you roar at them or do they roar at you? How does it work?

To me, it’s like another world or culture. So it is intriguing, like the 1st time you meet a hardcore developer who can’t show emotion, only speaks about logic.

The dude on bottom left looks really moody

Awesome game, bloody hard. I never finished it

Does anyone know of a free PDF image editor?

I normally use Pixlr but it doesn’t accept PDF format

Just remove info

it’s bank statement which I can get in PDF format but I want to remove/blank out the sensitivity info

What software tho?

Acobat, you have pay for that right?

 Good idea, I could save screengrab as J-peg and edit it

Thanks, got there in the end.

 Thanks for the offer, its all done now 

Probably PR sturt to scary people to stay indoors

They only tell you what they want you to know but 2bh maybe for a good reasons

Not that far fetched is it? It’s like  not talking about lizard aliens controlling the planet

Government Politics 101

I enjoyed his 1st films like dawn of the dead (one of the remakes which is better than the orignal) but he gone down hill since.

TV series would suit Watchmen better being such a big concept

I remember enjoying the film but feel half baked & rushed

That is true, that is true skill of film maker

I think that is what most film goers want now, just flashy visuals and lots of easter eggs to google later. It isn’t really about the film standalone, the film is one part of enjoying that IP.

Marvel & Star Wars were made in that way.

I don’t think it is bad way of making films. Just different.

So therefore you need to have different expectation/head space.

I do agree with Scorsese in that sense

I personally enjoy Marvel films

Sometimes you need just explosions for 2 hours

Joker is clever Marketing/PR with context. If it was about “Dave” no one would care. Don’t get me wrong; it’s a good film but I wouldn’t say it was “film of the year”, it wasn’t that well made.

The achievement with Joker, is that they able to tell that story with that IP. But the story wasn’t anything that special. 100's of mental health men gone mad movies

He was best thing about it.

Maybe it was jus the hype. Lots of people saying to me that was “Amazing”. For me, it was 7 out of 10, not 10 out of 10. I’ve seen alot of films like that too, It’s hard one to beat.

Good start. Needs to remove the dead space/awkward timings but make it more snappy. Also it was hard to say the lyrics sometimes

You do cinema! I thought you’re only allow to do logic?

I thought the very end was very smart, because it could suggest that could thing was created in his head to create his own purpose of being.   I wasn’t a fan of the shooting Bruce Wayne parents scene, you can tell that producer requested that scene.

The film was basically him figuring out his identity or Essenism (lack there of)

Has anyone seen The King of Comedy? That is a big inspiration for joker

More “Ruby” is needed

 On your situcation, do you have any savings? Is any food delivery to your door services in Mexico? 

I don't think Virus will directly affect you belong you have funds & the job to work from home for a few months, you will be fine. You may become a fat Ruby but I think is the least of the possible problems.

I think it is money race. Food will keep going up because of the less people apart of the process. I think the Virus will become smaller part of the problem long term, lots of on-knock effects. Like I was reading "apparently" because there is so many virus deaths; people been killing on their husbands/wifes & blaming it on the virus.

If anything this Virus is social cleansing. Just need the money to get resources to survive it

You will be fine. Just stay in your Ruby palace

I’ve met a few chris joneses before, it is werid. It’s like meeting your evil twin.

Anyone up for beers tomorrow night? Instead of games (as I know it is tricky to get the same game, device, etc), could do a film?

Oh dude. Sounds like your balls are watermelons, you need to get sort out wendy lovehand or Biffy lovefingers (whatever keeps you happy). It’s been 6 months for me, I know the feeling.

Glad I’m attractive to someone, certainly losing my sex appeal with age. Beginning to wonder if it will be just me and Wendy forever!

Oh dude, sorry to hear. Sounds like you need some downtime, you shouldn’t get burned out & ask for some time off.

It’s all human history

I think in the far future, social media will be banned and there will be museums on it.

I see what you mean. I didn’t know they were called Ghost adverts, there is lots around here in Hackney

What I mean is Social Media from 2020 what we know/use it for today will be considered barbaric in the future. Social media of course will evolve and probably something else.

WW2 propaganda posters (from all sides) are now considered simple & barbaric because our understanding of media has changed. Back then that was cutting edge which is Nazi party was very progressive & convincing using Radio and posters which no one did.

To be fair, If was german in 30's I think I dig Nazi messages. Not racist bit but giving power to people, etc

Nazi Spectacle was amazing form of PR and Marketing. I hear stories that they used to have marches where they only had 1000 troops but same troops walk around the block and same walk to convince you that there is millions of troops.

It’s tricks & lies of perception.

I don’t care what anyone says but Social media is used in the same way. Same shit, different techique.

To be honest, the Virus doesn’t scare much because I’m lucky that I’m able to stay in to ride it out but the social media machine used to play people fears with fake stories blaming china, etc

My mate is chinese & he getting “Get fuck out of the UK” already

Yup

He lives in Bromley which is zone 4/5 of London/Kent

The area is abit redneck

That’s good 

 Go to your man cave and chill!

I’m funny, Bromley because it is typical surburian town with mix of working & middle class but gentrified to become a more posh town but still has lots of chavs because they been living there for years & can’t afford to move anywhere else.

Wait rose shoppers with Iceland opposite. You can imagine like West side story with poshos Vs Chavs

What doesn’t help with social status, alot hard working chinese & polish are buying there because it is more affordable but the locals don’t like it.

Just scream that out of your window, mexican’ts will love that!

Talking about being alone, been thinking to get a dog. So I can woof at.

Same here. I thought you guys only cared about your code, its the only thing you need

Would need to be Smart Donkey

Nah more of furniture, vehicle, bin & pet hyrdrid

Would be useful to bash people within 2 metres radius

 one of your followers? I remember Pretti telling you were more tiger than lion.

 Do you love Jesus?

Cute video

I have plenty of them. Write them up when you’re pissed and read them next day & go “WTF is this! Donkey Whispering simulation”

 can you relate to this?

Just watched "Once upon a time in Hollywood" what a bizzare series of events

It was a IN. Certainly enjoyable

  Where is the final cut for the roar song?

Ok this is cut 2 but you're working on cut 3?

You don't like the fan art?

I guess you desensitised after years of lions photos send to you

I showed the photo feed to Alex (last GF) & she asked "Does he like the photos? being lion isn't bored looking at other lions?" I was like "I don't know?"

Lack of sunlight

Ok no rush

Just watched Knives Out, it's great. Good fun watch

Harry Potter?

Happy Potter does Knives?

I could play about 9ish tonight or tomorrow night

Im up for some MK if anyone is around?

 some more lypics to add to lion song if you like. They may make the song more contextual/satire to Virus but not sure if it is better/more funny tho

Wanna game at 8ish?

Been watching WestWorld, its very interesting mystery show!

You feel like one of the robots as you have no context of the bigger world; you feel trapped like them.

This is the guy who made Celeste, he has made lots of games. This & Towerfall that placed him on the map but he made lots of flash games back in the day.

Mums are here to embarrass and makes things more difficult for you. That’s their role

Does she not realise that or not really?

My family are 3 generations of Terror:
My folks = AI-Qaeda
My sisters = Talban
My nieces & nephews = ISIS

Keeps them out of the trouble I guess

I think it’s fun coming up with crazy theories but just when people are looking at for an answer it gets worrying that they believe it is “fact” to them. At the same time, I get it because you could argue for the same thing believing in a religion. If it gives some answers & hope, it’s not a bad thing.  You can’t argue that “God” doesn’t exist either.

I feel the same way, all this just absurd to me. Then again I will think this whole FB share opinion is also absurd on atop of that. I accept the fact that I never have any real facts to make informed opinion on anything political anyway that is very little value in any discussion anyway

Yeah Rick & Morty is best animation ever

I love “Community” too

To me, Politics isn’t about beliefs or values, it’s theatre to make the public feel like they part of it and can relate it. It’s gaslighting to extreme.

Then again I hate Politics. I just see educated well spoken criminals, this is worldwide problem. In richer countries, we are better at hiding/disguising it.

I’m referring to Politicians, rather the people that actually do the work. The systems in place are amazing but I see the system hasn’t changed much since 70's and slowing becoming obsolete. With this whole virus situation, I hoping that there is shift in value of people in society - Workers/NHS get more reward somehow. In our society;  we taught & value bankers who make millions for fuck all but fuck being a doctor. Whereas actually we need a doctors, not bankers.

 Any good? Why do you think I enjoy it?

Yeah I agree

To me, what is so sad that the class system is determined by how much money you make and what you spend it on. Rather what you do for society.

For an example; being an developer who buys iPhones is very typical middle class. It doesn’t matter if the developer has made an app that has actually changed lives, anyway rant over.

To host what? A ruby follower convention?

 You said "she'll demand that I host one" What are you hosting? It's not a trick question.

Anyone want to play Mario Kart?

This is insightful conversation conducting quizes

Says the designer & the developer

Designer & Developer walks into a bar

Asks for a "Vegan Ruby Beer"

Developer & Designer & QA gets briefed to make Vegan Ruby Beer. Designer makes a vegan logo, developer develops the Ruby functionality. QA asks "where is the beer?". Developer says "It's not on the Acceptance Critera" & Designer starts crying that his design does not involve beers.

That summed up Blippar really well

Google form

Imagine that x50 which is why BlippAR product was shit show that didn't make any sense. Lack of proper product & QA inputs.

Perhaps film club is easier

Just pick a film and watch it together

That is scary real; because I wonder if we end up re-creating all of the places we used to go even if world is back to normal.

Why ever go out? Just get plugged in.

Has anyone hear from Sam Strong? Is he alright?

Let the theatre begin!

That is odd. I thought you could provide any answer you wanted in a text field? W@N&£R

You guys may be excited by this: 

Mixed responses there. Abit of love/hate going on!

 I can imagine you coding to this track -

 Does that offend your senses?

It’s only logo for PR purposes. Probably market tested and felt it excited that demographic that they were going for.

I personally preferred they put all of their time & resources into a good film rather sexy PR campaigns

LOL

It’s making good PR already

Oh god. Are Puddle of mud still around?

I remember this album made quite popular in earily 00's - 

There was alot of embarrassing crappy bands in early 00's/late 90's which I liked like Limp Bizkit and KoRn

Oh yeah, I remember that!

I used to love KoRn and system of down for cover art

Tool too

Spend hours in HMV looking album art, no wonder they went bust.

I think enjoyed the discovering new music and It was days when music meant something or had some value. Now it’s a just a click of button which isn’t the same.

Also I was alot younger too which was a big factor too

I loved Offspring as well and Reel big fish, Blink 182

Very true, it was like £15 per album, alot of money for me back then.

I loved how self aware Reel Big Fish making fun of themselves as well as narrative personal journey.  1st album “We are broke”, 2nd album “We are rich but bored”, 3rd album “We are well off, we can do what we want!”

And 3 dollar dolaar bill y’all! 

Clearly you weren’t a fan? You just wannabe!

Freak on a leash by Korn or Nine Inch nails The fragile were very well engineered too. They were inspired each other. I personally a NIN fanboy, i think it is best and better. Even now, it’s art.

I guess I like that about bands who keep trying new things, it it shame when become popular too soon because then they get stuck on producing the same album over and over.

I love the internet. It is filled with so much crap

I guess that is better than the N bomb

Even if we did, how would we get them to you?

Sorry misunderstood the question, I took it literally. My brain is still in dev mode from 1st day back at work

After Life is great. I don’t watch stand up or follow celebrity culture so I wouldn’t know.

I guess his joke of himself like Extras, he taking the piss of himself and celebrity culture. I liked how all actors in it were taking piss out of their own stereotype/what people thought they were like.

I haven’t got a clue. Most of you guys talking about british tv show or football player and I haven’t got a clue.

Never watched “Life’s too short”, it’s been the list for ages, will download it

 Did you listen to music track eariler?

To me it is a sign that WHO needs more investment or resources or we need alternative organisations like WHO to help solve these type of problems. If we had this before hand, this could of be prevented or could be better prepared.

Bill Gates predicted this back in 2015, that weren't investing enough in disease control measures.

 Can you relate to Joe?  You being a lion king & all.

Remember watching this alot in 00's whilst stoned. Great character study doc

You prompting a google product, you feeling OK?

I thought they are just in denial. I would be I paid 3x times price for the same thing. It's like paying PC prices for a console.

It wouldn’t surprise me if it that was a fact to be honest; Jobs was abit of egoist dickhead. I guess all of these CEOs/entrepreneur have to be good at it to do what they do well.

I’m a such loser child, I keep listening to two zebras apart song. 

 It’s amazing work!

 lyrics 3 from the other day

No thanks mate.

It’s like buying PS1 whereas I could buy a PC.

iPhone is great if you use it for social and photos, other than that. it’s limited. That is your use case but not mine. I don’t care about either of those things, especially right now I take photos of my living room.

6S had a battery issue where it would go from 90% to 10% within 5 mins or was that iPhone 6?

That was a real bug.

Don’t think they did, why bother?

It’s bound to happen when you release so many products so quickly. It’s probably why Apple doesn’t innovation much between models.

It’s apart of my job. I know alot of random (useless in the real world) facts about phones

No then again I haven’t bought a phone in 5 years. I’ve always been given a phone from work.

it’s like PC. Would you buy one if work gave you a one?

Yeah needs to powerful to do your work right?

 I personally think it is a way it should be. The company should give equipment you need to do the job.

I mean officially rather unofficially

I think adds more value rather having a borrow system which no one cared about. I had to pretend to care about.

 I think you love the apple too much to see that they are playing you. On company level; if you have to spend that much money & effects on PR & Marketing to convince people that you have a good product there is something amiss. Fags companies & coca cola spend 95% of their profits on marketing. I think Apple is very similar.

I thought you meant to be lion. Not getting blown by trumpet playing Warhog.

There is always Wendy Lovehand!

errrrr NO. You need to use your own hand to use as a puppet who you call “Wendy”

No wonder you love apple so much. So naive & impressable with your lack XP of such things, open your mind!

I didn’t offer, provided a suggestion for a solution to the problem. I guess iPhones don’t allow you the freedom to problem solve, you can use things their way - the apple way.

You can dress up your hand with lioness wig if that helps.

 do you have a printer?

That is shame I was going say to use this - 

 That doesn’t anything provide any solutions? I don’t think apple has wank app do they?

Yeah that is mixed response photo for sure

This happened to my mate via dating app. He skyped some girl and she asked him to show her his dick and she was recording and threated to send it to his family

It’s big con.

I don’t know how she knew his family via FB, somehow knew. So it was possibility.

He told her “fuck off” but she probably does that 5 times per day and gets one sucker will pay her money. It was all worth for her

To me, it shows how desperate & how fucked some people are to even do that. Wouldn’t be easier to get a normal job?

Not everyone has skills or the brains to pay the bills but surely there is other more humane options than scamming people

I feel sorry for both parties for victims & offenders because you need to be pretty souless fucked in the head to do that.

People bad mouth drug dealers and sex workers, they are working and providing a service.

 You love this. Sounds very liony 

I quite like Jamie XX music but not usually fan of british pop dance music.

 Have you been fuloughed?

Watching WestWorld, highly recommend. Really smart & engaging.

I hear season 3 is very good but it's bummer when the quality/XP is inconsistent between seasons

I like how you feel for hosts & trapped like them because you have no context on outside world & you stuck in the loops. Feel happy for them to escape their loops

Its very well written & thought out

I think Dr Ford is a Ruby god & a future ruby could become him.

It’s not fun firing people. I’ve had a few conversations like that. It’s hard balance of being cold but yet apathetic.

Beats is a good brand but crap product

Skullcandy or Senheiser are pretty good

Usually beats are hardly reviewed by music tech geeks

Bad value because you paying for a cool brand

It’s Levi’s vs cheap mondays. Levis you pay for £80 and Cheap mondays for £50 for sthe ame thing

Maybe that is bad example, but the point you remains you’re paying for the brand

Depends if you spend extra money on the brand

I don’t care about brand, I care for the value of money and quality. Like I bought Samsung 4k TV recently, it’s really good picture. Although Samsung aren’t trendy TVs like Panasonic or Sony.

Panasonic you paying additional £300 for same TV

All reviews say Panasonic and Sony are cool TVs with latest tech, Samsung isn’t cool

It’s really trendy now, got one, Sceniser!

Trendy or not, Samung was best value of money vs quality

Mainstream isn’t cool. Like Apple isn’t cool. Nokia 3210 is

There is difference between cool and trendy. Cool is the underdog who doing something different, the punk band whereas trendy is desireable pop band. Apple may be desireable not cool.

Social proofing for feeling cool and being cool are two different things.

I wish I had a pc which isn’t 10 years old

I may be able to run your prototype actually

I wish macs were more gaming friendly/easier way to play on mac

Been attempted to install windows on my mac and switch between them but there is no assurance that the game will run on windows mac anyway as it isn’t official

Everyone where I am is clapping for NHS, it’s first time I’ve heard it

You should film it and place it on pornhub

Extra revenue stream

 I knew you're a tory. Living in West London, buying luxury brand phones & earphones, complaining about your privilege that can't leave your house. It's OK, I still love you.

Is there a full season of Devs out yet? Its pretty new right?

Probably stick with WestWorld for now. Garland is awesome

I liked his Danny Boyle stuff as well. Jobs was really good film, it is last Boyle film I've seen.

I wonder how much they been paid?

Dude you are really a tory, always talking about money.

You seem very interested in what I have. Another tory like characteristic if ask me.

 Clearly you don't see the joke?

Don't dish it if you can't take it

Find it entertaining stupid

I don't take anything that seriously

 I apologise if you offended you. I meant it as a joke as our conversations are ridiculous.

 Oh wow! that is amazing 

At 1.48, I love the piano ding sound/space jazz transition & 2.32 beats layers!

Just some of my thoughts:

Sorry to be pain, I enjoy the polishing things from something good to great. 

Side note:

Ex-Machina is an amazing film.

It’s black comedy parody, it’s very awkward humour.

I wonder if it one off episode or full series of the woman with her golden arm?

Yeah it’s not my thing like Tiktok but I can see the appeal and people enjoying it. Sounds like a good use case for social media engaged audiences. I can imagine that type of content being very shareable in social platforms

That’s why it isn’t my thing. I prefer to watch that engages me (makes me think/feel something) rather a passive content like a background whilst you’re googling or whatever

I guess my mindless distraction is hollywood film or AAA action game

Sometimes you need to turn your brain off and enjoy the ride

Marvel are very enjoyable if you don’t ask too many questions, super hero action porn.

Wrestling is fun. I think I preferred the stories than the actual wrestling ironically

 Looks awesome, good job. My advice (which doesn't mean much) is to focus on the core mechanic & learning curve. 

What will the new game elements as play to make it harder/more interesting be? If you look at mario game, every level introduces a new element & tricks into learning/mastering something new. 

Theory of flow where you don't want your game to be too easy (lack new things) because the player get bored or too hard (introduce many new things at once). 

The mechanic could be: you have switch mode to hit back certain bullets. You can only have a choice of 2 modes (weapons). Each weapon you can shoot & hit back bullets. 

This mechanic will help you to come up with new game scenarios & enemy types. One enemy type could only damage from hitting bullets back.

So coming up with the core mechanics & game elements will therefore help to define what the context/visuals will be too. The visuals will help communicate the gameplay to players despire how abstract the game is. 

Anyway rant over. Hope that may be some food for thought/helpful.

Would you only have one weapon at a time or could switch weapoms like FPS?

The more define the rules/mechanic, you easier you define content/game situcations around it.

For an example, if you a shotgun type weapon & sniper weapon but all enemies are really fast & easily crash into you.

So you have risk getting close with your shotgun

I would love to game with context of game developers fixing bugs, sending PRs to take out bugs. Evil boss is a PM

Yeah good idea. That was PSP game like that called Every Extend Extra

Everyday shooter had enemy types like that

Great minds think alike huh? Lol

Used to play that & Lummies alot on my PSP

I wish I kept it

Sold it years ago

2bf I would need a museum to keep all games & consoles I had over the years.

 I think That happened for everyday shooter, that was amazing creatively twin shooter

Contextually you could make into a virus game too

You have sprend the disease to all enemies

Maybe this is how we make games together. I'm currently making a bomberman style tank game in Unity. Still needs alot of work though.

 Didn’t we watch one of his films around Shaggwell?

So awful I can’t remember. Probably too smoked.

I remember watching legend of overfiend 

 Your favourite film

 How come you have such fun without me?

 Yeah I remember your face, your mind was blown

Never seen it anything like it

I was like whatever mate “another demon breaking a woman in half with his 10 feet dick”

It is perfect film to watch with mates. I was considering it for one of film nights

It’s not porn, it’s art!

or more 10 dicks or technically tentacles

It’s very niche but it still art. Tentacle demon art

How bizzare is this? - 

I think it belongs in a museum

I do wonder if they truely believe that or it is just outlet for their frustration or angry? Bad example but like football hooliganism, they aren't fighting over football really, it's outlet for being pissed off. Football gives them "justified" reason to fight.

Yeah true. A sense of belonging

Feeling like you're doing some good for the planet with unleashing your angry

American History X is about that, it's awesome film. So well made & thought out

Yeah that is great. You seen TV series? I forgot director's name. Like his films like dead man shoes, very lo-fi indie gritty films.

I hear the same thing for History X. The director left the film industry afterwards & never made another film since which is a shame. He got much so shit for making it. I prefer X to This is england because I thought it had more daring messages to say & how it handled it. Whereas This is england is more day of rather making a statement.

Oh that's his name. He is great. What other films did he do?

Yeah it was very good. I think there is 3 seasons now

Yeah indeedo. That may creep me out

90 was about rave scene right? Thats when it started to become tiresome. Same stories being told. I would love to see more but only if had something new to say.

Yeah I know what you mean. A just group of friends hanging out, in the moment. That's what I liked about Mid 90's, there was no deep message, just kids being kids.

Maybe we could watch This is England together tonight?

I know that sounds abit gay, I'm not getting much human interaction lately.

TIE is the complete opposite in tone I guess. It was heartfelt but nothing dreamy about it.

I enjoyed the scene where he gets laid. I was really nervous for him so I can relate to hid whole situation at that age.

 Oh really? I remember being all quite sad in a good way. I had to watch it again perhaps its been 10 years since I last seen it.

Yeah up for it later. I need some breakfast & go for a walk to get some sun whilst playing social roaring pac man

I'm rock n roll

Just to inform you of their value vs quality

Need to save money to buy a house, not spend it on fancy branded poo

4pm?

Still on my pac man walk avoiding coughers

Still on in 30 mins

 Grrrraaawwww Let me in!!

New room!

Watching "US" now but my suggestion was "This is England"

Also up for Mario Kart or another game too

29! You're a young-un

Will be in free at 10pm

Is Dune worth watching? I haven’t seen in years since I was kid, I thought it was boring then because there was no lightsaders

Or has dated really badly?

Ok I give a download, thanks

New ones?

I thought it's film made in 80's. There is a TV series made in 00's

The film is made by David Lynch

Bizzare director I dig this stuff

I thought it was directed by Terry Gilliam

Terry Gilliam is another werid director I really like

Brazil is masterpiece. Reminds of software development how archaic can be

New Dune (2020) is that guy who made the new blade runner Dennis something

There is reason why it is called Brazil but trying to remember why

These oddball science fiction films you just don't get anymore, some reason I always thought Dune directed by Terry because that style of sci fi

Time period

I look forward to the days that you won’t need a cameras, you’re just download what you’re seen that day.

Do you guys have dual monitors for work?

Do yo any recommends for a good 2nd monitor?

My one currently is fucking up eyes

Why did go for that one?

Is it good DPI for design work?

I think the reason for eye stain is the colours of my monitor, it’s abit washed out

Thanks, I have a look.

I remember there was some tech (Which I didn’t think took off) which changed the screen colour tone according to surroundings & context of the content on screen. Mainly for games

yeah I get ya.

Side note: 

I don’t care about Apple or Android, 2bh. I just bang on it to wind you up. The only thing from point of view, they control too much. They should be more Mobile/Computer OSes. They are both different ends of the same bubble, both silicon valley twatty companies with similar ideas, which is a bummer. Like to see someone to change things up abit, present a solid alternative which isn’t realistic but you can always hope.

In summary; it is wank fesh monopoly

I guess she will die with glorious death like a spartan!

That sucks! The only reason to live in the UK 

I would be interested if it was Walking Granny reality sports show with fireball & buzzsaw involved

Is this any good? Currently free on E4 - 

 It’s based in your neck of the woods

Nathan Barley 

is another show I wanna watch again

It was really ahead of it’s time taking piss out of Hipsters before it became a thing

With channel 4/E4 don’t you need a TV license or it is only BBC?

I used to love Channel 4 but the last 5 years it’s become abit BBC

That is why I haven’t watched Channel 4 for a while

used to watch E4 before this is complete need a TV license thing

but the content has gone down hill anyway, this was a few years now. May of changed by now

Yeah exactly. It put me off. I used to be channel for cut edge/progressive stuff

This is england is very channel 4.

channel 4 has improved?

Been talking to Stephanie & she is  asking me 3 things she is good at. I'm so attempted to say: 
-Being French
 - Making food 
- Anaylsing bread

 have you interacted with Stephanie?

Interacted with the said human object

Assuming a vocal interaction? Not a physical interaction?

Lacking confirmation to proceed with said topic of human interaction of human object Stepanie (pronounce in a French accent).

Lacking data points to make any conclusion of human connectivity

........null.......

Just watching Chernobyl. It's horrifying. It's biggest fuck up ever, could of destroyed of the planet with radiation

That is a hell of a statement. It's very good. Very alarming & shocking with how dangerous mistakes were made. History biggest fuck up. I'm  suprised that nuclear plants worldwide not been dismantled just because of sheer risks they could present.

Chernobyl could of made this pandemic look like tea party.

 Just watched this scene so funny

What is a good whisky?

You should become Ruby G

You can be Ruby G and I be Jonesy Z

Jonesy Zod

Did roar at him?

 Where is your Sod music video?

I need to watch it again

 Sorry where is latest roar song again? I wanna to listen to it again

Thanks darling 

Cheers big ears

Rooooaaarrrrr gameage!

We need a good mp/co-op games that we can play together. I recommend Runbow - 

It’s a perfect MP party game

Is Mario Maker 2 mp/co-op?

$30

Not sure if I get $30 out of it?

Perhaps wait for a sale

Minecraft is huge brand now, brand tax!

You should save up and buy/build a Samir palace

Become the prince of NYC

I’m very few people on planet that just doesn’t get Smash bros. I love the concept, but mechanics & the feel just feel wrong/werid to me

What games do we have on our Switch that we can play together?

I have:
Mario Kart
Tetris 99
Wargroove
Cuphead (although not sure if that is online)

I know what you mean, it’s great for 20 mins but after that, you feel like need a wank to calm down.

I personally enjoy overcooked because it just figuring the simple pattern and it’s good GF game

Most good co-op games aren’t for hardcore gamers

Other than Gears of war or COD, I can’t think of typical hardcore gamer games that is good in Co-op

or even has Co-op mode

A way out is awesome co-op game but yet it’s not a hardcore game

Yeah that was amazing. Back in days when Ubi soft made solid games which keen pushing the bar rather just same game with different textures.

Amazing game. Been wanting to get this book 

Way out is perfect Sunday game with a mate with a few beers. Nice of mix of story/character developments and game mechanics

Same creative director as “Brothers”

Anyway sorry info overload

I can pop on 8ish

Still working annoyingly, QA world never sleeps

 you around for red dead? If not, i'm going for a night walk.

Ok walk & wank time

Note: it doesn't have be at the same time or in order. Just events that need to take place

The beauty of current situation is that no one will be around to witness me so I could get away with it altho it is cold out there.

Talking of which on our sunday call 

Tempted to get a PC, there is alot of really PC games coming out lately

Yeah very true; not buying any new thing for at least 18 months

Only thing about Xbox X, I don’t think it is supporting VR but I think with Sony VR popularity. They may change their tune

It’s all too early to say either way.

Cute looking platformer.

This is temping.

Same here. I’ve just abit 3rd person shootered out with playing Gears 5 & Quantum Break recently because I got Xbone for £100 with Xbox game pass

Xbox game pass is best subscription game service so far for price and selection of games. The game subscription war has just began right with apple arcade & Google, etc

Yeah it is. You played Quantum? Great story & mechanics

Their weakest game was Alan wake so far. Nice concept; both story & gameplay was flat after 1st few hours.

Funny I only finished BL2 recently

BL games are huge

I got BL collection with PS+

BL3 looks like fun

BL3 is not for switch?

I thought all of BL games coming to Switch or wishful thinking (which is very likely)

Yeah I thought collection + BL3 was coming to switch but I guess not 

What do we want to do? Drinks 》Mario Kart or MK 》drinks so Nick & Samir can join? Also what time?

 what time is good for you to play in your timezone?

This is meant to fun co-op game 

I’m not saying buy now but we can add to the list if you guys want to play this in the future

 So when wanna zoom?

Annoying I still have a work for next hour 

Don’t get too excited

 Will you roar?

I hoping you are roariing

How much you watched so far? 

 You should watch this

 The tiger king will be your idol

 Oh really? I didn’t know that

Just cooking dinner now

Rrroooarrr yes

Just seen a Liger

My friend code for Switch is: SW-5441-4332-2828

Eating dinner

He has a nice asa 

Ass

Beef slew

Very english & fatty but I dig it

 when you joining us?

What about Rocket League? That is a good MP game

Killer Queen Black I hear is a good one

Overcooked 2

Bomberman R

These are all online mp games

Or is it? That is no good

 Samir oh dear, how you finding Fire Emblem on Switch?

You sound like a sex pro

Galaxies mario were amazing. Level design & flow was insane & so inventive.

Sunshire I wasn't a fan but I think it because I was expecting the same impact as Mario 64 which wasn't going to happen.

Wii will did intend over do the whole motion controls for games that didn’t add much value to

Skyward Sword another example where it was awesome but the motion controls just go in the way

Got stuck on Pikuniku. What do you do with the mask? Still trying to cross the bridge? 

 Do you know?

I’ve been playing this on Xbox One along with dead cells

Both great in different ways

Bloodstained is very old skool in a good way

 I might be cheaper or better value if you get a Xbox one with Game pass. I got one for £101 with 3 months of game pass. Obviously depends if you get ROI on it and if there is games you wanna play but for value for myself, it;’s a great ROI because i haven’t bought any modern indie games

Fair enough. If I bought single game individually despite the console, I would spend easily £150 by now. I played Sea of Thieves (£20), Gears 5 (£40), Gears 4 (£20), quantum break (£20), Dead cells (£10), One point hospital (£10), Bloodstained (£30), the list goes on.

Depends if there is other games you want to play

Gears 5 is great fun although very typical AAA stuff in a good sunday evening way

Been playing state of decay as well

My problem with Xbox there isn’t any killer exclusive games like a last of us or God of war

They are very good - 8 out of 10 but not a 10 out of 10

Just mean in terms of quality & production values

Xbox is more like Mobile platform which has lots of stuff but nothing is amazing

Then again you could argue that you only get one 10 out of 10 game per year anyway

yeah indeedo

Yeah I agree. Long term I think Xbox will be more healthy position for more users like a mobile platform as they have better infrastructure to play their games on many devices with Xbox game pass and buying studios for more content. I guess the question is will be content that anyone wants?

You can play all Game pass games on your mobile which is technological impressive, just whatever you want to is another matter.

Cloud based gaming is the future despire where the world is going right now.

That is true. Half of these studios are probably taking sugar money and fucking off. Rare isn’t the same when with Nintendo, all of the talent left when Microsoft came along, they were just buying a name.

That’s why Nintendo sold them (or at least their share)

I like to think that these big corporations like EA, Activision, Nintendo, Sony, etc are all learning to treat their studios with more respect & humanely.

There is better relationship between both parties because they need each other to survive.

talking of which: 


Be cool if it run on Mac but they will probably never happen.

I play with my friend of mine and he has the PC version

Yes

Up for MK tomorrow night?

Oh no 

Yeah I really looking forward for LoU2. It's one of few AAA games excited for

Do you feel honoured for the opportunity? Or just hard work?

Did you roar afterwards?

I take as “Rooarrrrrrrrr Yes!”

Sorry I promise I will let go but I guess with LoU2 even they could make physical copies of game, it probably not the wrong time for game of zombie virus. May be abit insensitive.

Yeah of course its all about the money. I have a feeling there will be PS5 version soon after or make PS5 only. Giving a solid launch game for PS5 as usually PS game launch are abit rubbish. Saying that only Nintendo seems to have solid lauch titles. Mario 64, Zelda breath of the wild.

Halo was amazing launch game

Timesplitters everyone banged on about it, I personally couldn't get into.

Oh yeah. Dreamcast had a great launch. Oh yeah I forgot about Jet Set Radio, I love those games. I'm suprised they haven't bought it back then again it won't sell.

Maybe they need license more Western hip hop (more mainstream) would heighten the appeal/marketing.

If they were to make a new JSR

You guys should get Runbow on Switch and it is only £4, highly recommend great fun MP game to play together -

Boring geek question; do yo get mirco SD for my switch? What do size of SD do you have in your Switches?

What difference will make if it slower card? Will games run slower?

Yeah good point. I think had a crappy one on 3DS & doesn't always detect that it is connected. Can't select or load the games.

Anyone getting FF7 remake?

Looks cool!

Looks cool! Reminds me of the 

Kindly sure I had a kid to play this with.

Saying that I probably play with it more than tha kid 

 That happened with my nephew with Star Wars AT-AT lego he got for Xmas, he didn’t care so much as it wasn’t from the SW films.

We should get this when it is in sale, played it on PS4 co-op & mp, it is awesome. 

Same people who made celeste

Yeah it is intense in a good way, but casual game friends end shooting me by mistake in co-op

I think we should both of these when they drop in a sale

They be perfect for us for a Switch session

Yeah easy to pick up and difficult to master.

I bought it but I haven’t played it yet. Will do soon

Going to play dungeon defenders 2 on PS4 with some friends & it doesn’t need PS+ this weekend, if you wanna join?

Basicially 3rd person tower defense game,

How far in are you? Isn’t it huge?

Awesome for both things. You’re a maker of things aren’t you? Instruments, music, games, bread. Is anything you don’t make?

Wow you finished that quick! Do you sleep?

Where’s the fun in the life if everything just made sense?

OK I thought it was more typical JRPG style which you need 200 hours just to finish it with 50 million side quests.

You recommend it? what your thoughts on it?

I haven’t played Castlevania: Symphony of the Night in years but it was very awesome. Especially the secret ending with re-playing the whole castle upside down, very clever.

It’s same designer from Castlevania, I forgot his name, it’s very similar style of game.

I'm up for a game

Maybe we could play Red dead instead if it is only the 2 of us

Ok no worries.

Could do Friday night

Yeah seems like a bad idea

Just a bad design, why would you want a physical keyboard all of the time? Surely it can’t comfortable on your hands holding it that way

 Does anyone know any good C# online courses?

Thanks, just found this which sounds quite good: 

Accidently shared to wrong place

Shared a link from another channel

It’s ok

Ruby can explain it better than I can. Yeah 2bh if you’re used one they are pretty similar. They are used for code/version control, if you make a change (PR they are called Push request) as someone can review it before it goes into final build.

I’ve only experienced using souce control with code (developers) but I know companies (games) use it for art as well like assets too

If you build an asset, you use bitbucket to upload it and then someone can review it and then merge it to final build.

Yeah I know what you mean. Release management/version control can get very complicated depends on your team, development pipeline and methodology (how the people work basically). I find it quite interesting

Samir is right. For making stuff for learning, you don’t need a degree on this stuff but it’s handy to know if you’re interested in this stuff.

You need have a wank & Lighten up!

 Need to share this with the world. Want Sod famous for all of the wrong reasons

That he is a fat tech genius mastermind