Hollywood doesn't sell stories anymore, sells universes & characters to form your own story or buy mediums for a story. Because it is more scalable & faster to do this & make more money for the ip.
Latest SW films are adverts for TV shows, comics, pornos, games. This makes far more money
Lol you wait...Disney princesses feminist porn where they suppress/dominant the princes. Gold mine waiting to happen
You think of all of the spinoffs, Rey porno, Boss Nass orign story film, Nass vs Rey beat -up video game. The thing we all buy it anyway
Star Wars isn't only one, it's just how what people want these days and how we consume content. The Matrix with multi media universe was very ahead for it's time but just really badly done.
Star Wars, Marvel, Aliens, Pokemon, so forth
I wish Matrix game, the animatrix (anime), Matrix 2 & 3 was made now because it would of been alot better
Disney will buy & own "The Matrix" or Warner Bros soon, the rate of growth are going at.
I think I remember reading somewhere how Disney own's 40% of Hollywood now, it's crazy.
Yeah I actually looking forward to the new Matrix film but probably be awful
I hope they try the whole universe approach like SW and Marvel
Matrix as a IP or concept could work really well across different mediums
Yeah indeedo
It's hard to relive it or make it relevant for today. That is ultimate problem with all these IPs
The older IP, the harder this challenge is
Yeah the concept is still very relevant today tho, we are apart of bigger system "The Ruby show" made in Ruby
I watched "the Truman show" the other day, it's quite relevant today but feels abit shallow now altho you could argue that is whole point.
It is "The existentialsm" the movie. Whereas today if it was made would be existentialsm VS nililism VS herosim with TV series and comic book.
Celeste is awesome :)
That is insane! Manila that close to a volcano? I would of thought they plug it up south east asia style. Plug unmaintainable old temple in there.
How thick is the ash? Could you make an ashman?
Isn't it the only volcano film from the 90's?
This message was deleted
Sounds annoying! This is out of box solution but could you ferry to another country nearby and fly out from there?
I know it is different but when I was Vietnam, you could ferry Cambodia and I was considering going there and flying back from there.
It was just Vistas stuff I couldn't be bothered with
Or could you work remotely? Certainly cheaper than UK if you stay in Airbnb or a co-living place
Altho the time difference could be a killer.
I was considering go work remotely in Bali and it is 9 hours difference which is killer when I need to go to meetings, etc
For my work I have to attend like 3/4 meetings a day so depends if you can work without needing to be in the same time timezone
No thanks, you're moody asshole!
Glad you agree!
Why do need me? You're Ruby god. You should have lots of followers. The ruby is either really gay or logical or abit trumpy. Maybe you're abit of all three
I thought you're all about the binaries
That's awesome! Is Korn micphone stand? He did alots of other random crap like music covers & work for films that never saw light of day, etc. always to see HR Gigar exhib. He has a museum in Germany or somewhere in europe which wanted to visit.
You are very moody! ðŸ˜œ
Is she some type of hippie?
Writting group? Cool! Were you writting the Ruby Chronicles?
Same. She is from different galaxy from mine
Interesting to meet such people so different from you.
Maybe she senses your moody energy & wants to give positive energy.
I do sometimes miss flat sharing as you do get to meet some real characters
Sounds you have interesting conversations. The conversations I have these days are either about mortgages or API payloads.
Yeah sounds like it
Yeah it was awesome and very vegan
I'm thought you're been crying wanted to inspired become cyber human with ideas of iOS devices that place up your bum to become a SMART SHITTER because it's a trend of 2077
I don't know that group of guys too well and I feel like pork pie at Jewish wedding with those guys
They just handle my madness
can't
They talk about football, I talk why & who football was invented
Yeah it's lonely world being mad
I imagine you getting some old lady to get you some crack and convine them it is sugar
god I was going warn you about these guys but they don't exist anymore 
Maybe the powers above are trying to tell you that you become asia. They into tigers so why not lions?
Could do the remote work like I do.
Belong in asia sorry
Glad you're also back in UK, baby steps
Rrrrrraaaww alright mate!
You will defo feel the cold
Digital nomads is very cool right now. Co-working is all abit dead horse with WeWork but co-living is the next trend
Yeah it does look really good & clever, got alot of mentions of game of the year but I don't have PC to play it, its coming to consoles soon I hear.
Fuck! I thought I was moody! lol
It's tricky balance because I find open office annoying everyone wants to talk but you get nothing done but ultmately
ultmately need to talk about certain things to do a good job
Sounds like you need to roar someone.
You feel better you should do it!
Trust me, its cheaper & better than theorist
and inspiring
Also if I was roared at I would be inspired. You strike me as someone who enjoy receiving a roar?
you should try it
Were you not inspired? You should roar into your phone in your co-working space, people will love it!
You would say that!
You're missing my point here, you need to roar!
You didn't believe me that Ruby is the future did you?
Marketing gone wrong!
I remember future cop on PS1, that was last strike game in the series.
Soviet Strike on PS1 was cool
Yeah indeedo emulators are cool. Run well on Android too with controller
Yeah indeedo, probably one of biggest jumps. Consoles these days are smaller steps
Saturn was only good if you bought imported games
Japanese games were awesome but very niche
PS1 was a lot better mainstream console
Lol
Panzer Dragoon
Gurdian heroes
Radient silvergun
Like I say they are all very niche games
Dreamcast was alot better than Saturn
For me anyway
PS2 raped dreamcast. It didnt have a chance
Halo
I remember playing goldeneye till 6am every satursday at my friend's place in a estate. Once we popped out & police asked go inside, I remember just thinking if we were still playing game or not
Cause there was shooting outside
It just such werid monent
Not really into graphics but the novelty wears off quickly once you are used to. Interested to see how developers use the hardware & platform tho.
I realize I'm a hipster but for me I'm more interested in new game mechanics & game design idea with a soul & a meaning or a problem they are trying to solve. Most AAA games just expensive soulless games. It's easy get a studio to copy of previous game to throw 300 artists to make look prettier.
The purpose of new tech is to use it in creative ways.
At business level; I get it
Thats solving a problem right?
If you only Breakout, that is boring isn't?
Variety & change are good
My opinion doesn't mean much on wider business point of view or reflects typical gamers.
I personally find COD very boring but most gamers would disagree
Just saying I have a unique point of view
I like AAA games but not what most enjoy judging by sales
I don't really get the point you're making. Other than it's balance.
Which are solving a creative problem. Rather throwing alot of resources at a problem.
That's why games exist they solving a game design problem or having a new message they want to say. They were just mario games, you couldn't be playing them
Pushing that type of game forward
What I mean from game developer point of view, they think there is a problem with that type of product, come up with a design which they think solves that problem.
May work or not. It's apart of the design process. Most new games are made with mechanic or context in mind
I used to design games; I have a different point of view
Go on Matt, give us a Roar
They will love it! Breaks their daily grind & have a story to tell. Some random guy on the train roared
Especially white collar workers. Most probably excitement that had all day that you interacted with a new type of paperclip
I just imagine someone roaring at the paperclip!
you're turn now
What is voxpop?
I feel old suddenly
Ok. Would a Vixpop be used to laughs or is it actually a "good quote"?
Quote that sums up the situcation well
I thought you were just a pretty face
Vox pop does like some trendy social media bollocks 2bh
Just watching hellraiser, forgotten how werid & fucked in head & so lo-fi it is
Its been made on fiver
Yeah hobby career are cool!
Nah only you
The designs are fucked up. He has hell of imagination
Probably why I don't piercing & needles
Nightmare on elm street scared me alot as an kid
Use scared to going to go to asleep
Still cry today
I love animals. What can I say?
How could you? I get lucky dragon on you for your lack of respect for the horse
"Mega mega white thing, Mega Mega white thing"
What song is that? Love that track
On trainsporting soundtrack
Yes that is it!
Ranones is like that. Sounds really up beat & actually listen the words, most of their songs is about selling ass for food
I hated track
NYC in the 70's was broke
Ranones are from NYC & all songs are about their life in NYC
I remember watching this documentary about music scene in NYC 70's when Disco, Punk & Rap become popular
Basically about these underground clubs/ music scenes
Ramones was apart of NYC punk scene
Anyway it was interesting watch. Don't remember what it was called
Wow! That true? When was that?
When did it happen? 80's?
I've considered living in NYC but I think big city living days coming to a end
Hereâ€™s a song for youâ€¦ Satan (Industry Standard) by Orbital
Oh wow! So bloody 90's
So awful but yet so brills
Some space jazz in the mix
Chief Marketing Officer
?
Sounds more like it. Altho  2bh I never worked with him but certainly would swap for Phil as most annoying unprofessional work with.
In the Pub he was alright but a nightmare to work with.
That fear defined him & wasn't even aware of that
He was another Sod, not personality but his situcation but more ugiler & far more pressure to deliver. Some people made for that, some aren't.
Phil should of been Tech architect working directly with Omar not a manager.
Then they actually got manager in (forgot his name) but he was really good. Shame left after 6 months.
I thought "The Rise of Skywalker" was best SW film ever made!
You sure you're not crazy?
You sure it's not cultural thing to share your shit?
How many mexicans do you interact to understand their culture?
Not "I'm senor Ruby god!"  but cutural exchange
What is good Tacos? What is a good mexican dish?
How do you poo?
Whats your favourite drug? Thats when you're really interested in their culture
Will do. Not sure when, I have few things to sort out in the UK when I before I go back. Applying for Irish citizenship which is a long period & learning to drive.
Also may change Jobs. Drest becoming another Blippar; not sure I can be assed with. Just weighting up if I want another remote job so I work from any country or just a tech job in Barcelona
There is pros & cons, I prefer remote work as I focus on the work & more time for myself rather deal with office politics
Yeah true. Actually thinking renting desk ad there lots of hipster co-working places in Hackney
That is option too. Just don't know if I just get into zone to work done without people ignored
I like talking people too but sometimes you're in the zone & wanna get it done
Tricky balance. I like talking people & also want my head space to stuff done
Mike Harris mode?
Harris is a gentric man?
Compiler
Sounds like that
My current role/job is tricky one. Cause Drest they want day to day QA to test full slack/end to end. Whereas I'm more bigger picture wanting to be Smart. Focus API & unit & automation testing. They don't want that yet. I want to hire more QA make better product which I was promised me. Currently I have do song & dance prove that we need more QA.
Even I wait it till they realise the value of my pitch & grow with the company or just leave & find a company
Find a company wants QA team instead me doing it all which is frankly stupid
Dont want a big team. Just focus things that matter.
Imagine you as creative director doing all design work, creative direction, stakeholder management.
It's not scaleable
I get what you're saying. Finding a balance
SME may be fair compromise/bridge
I'm not corporate maternal right now
Yeah maybe I'm bored with that.
Bored of clueless bit
Longer of what sorry? The clueless?
Yeah I'm tired of skooling clueless people too. Bugs 101 - what is minor vs a blocker
Drest - everything is Blocker. Imagine disturbing your R&D/UX work on the new feature which could the game. "Oh Leon could make this button 5 pixels wider please?"
It's just nonsense
That sums it up & the owners  don't know anything about software development, they are from fasion world
The question is should fight the battle? What would will get out of it?
I used to be a guy that always thought what about value for business but often these businesses don't look after me.
Yeah you're right.
Thanks for the advice. Very helpful :)
Give it another 6 months if I don't succeed I move on
Either go contracting or change career
Yeah indeedo. I've been there, got the T-shirt. Its not fun at all
Beefjack was most stressful experience I had in life.
Next time, I would like to do contracting 50% to bring in monies & other 50% on my personal projects to test if you could make a solid businesses as well as see founders can work together well
Because you wanna see if you can work together before the shit hits the fan
Plus you get make something you wanna make
Still figuring out what my calling 2bh
I can imagine you being writer or a painter after your tech days. I mean that as a complement
I have habit of offending people with saying things in wrong way especially over IM. It's hard to communicate tone.
Sounds like I need to sweet talk you more ðŸ˜œ
I enjoyed my dissertation. Just remember what I wrote about now
Cant remember the topic
Good bye sweet paws
Very good spainish
So its like my "yeah sure"
I might say "Ruby God" instead
"Ham socks"
Not much. Only for a month
Only there for a month
Like you spend more time there. May remote work in Gran Canaria for abit
As its great weather all year & cheaper
You have look at dumbass to master a language
Look like
That's cool. At least you making the effect, its not easy
Yeah I feel abit isolated in Barcelona because some people were really friendly but had no idea what they were saying
Its amazing how one thing can limit your interact with the world around you
Yeah indeedo
They must be WTF all the time especially the way we speak
Even if we spoke Italian it wouldnt make much sense
To him anyway so he was double fucked
There is really hot girl at work but I've learnt my lesson. I'm staying away from the Honeypot!
She might be married as she has a ring, but fuck it!
That was the drugs, not me :P
They were strong
You looked rubyed that night
Paid to become a god or paid to do drugs?
What do you mean? Precision please?
Funny! I always imagined you in the "The rubyogy" singing declare your ruby up.
Leon doing some roarrring with som mcing about photoshop has gone wrong
Good PR battle between Oasis & Blur but they were nothing alike. One made the same album 6 times which were consistently good whereas other really diverse & experimental with mixed results & still going.
Alot of names of genres is used for marketing rather categorization. Like "Speed metal" or "Trash metal" is there really much difference?
To me, it's just used for marketing to say the best "speed freak donkey metal" band. It's not hard being best when there is only 5 bands in that sub- genre
Not all sub- genres are like this, some are very different but I feel is PR/marketing thing
Do I find it interesting how much the media influences the words and categosation of things. The word "Terrorist" didn't exist till 60's created by the media and was never official word.
Inventing a new words for meaning is useful but if you're making up words to make a quick buck
Yup. We all know you're being lion & all love abit "Brexit"!
I agree. I love them both for different reasons but Blur is defo more interesting & musically creative
I remember company of heroes was awesome
Did you tell him that you're a Ruby god?
Double points
I knew  you're one of these vegan types with  ruby development
It is very stereotypical english thing to be proud of your front door with a knocker according alot of Americans I've spoken with. Movies giving them the wrong idea
Maybe somethere some truth is that if you are upper class in 70's perhaps
Interior design is a big thing with the rich. I used to know someone did that for a living who interior design for rich people. The money they would spend was insane. Million quid on their living room to make it look classical
Remember reading how Peter Molyneux used to buy houses & filled with hidden passages like a puzzle/maze & sell them on for more money. I wish I could do that
Probably. It's nice dream/lie compaired to most lies to observe on an daily basis
Is this a drawing of you being "The Ruby God"?
It's funny that this story is becoming from Sky.
One of biggest tax Dodgers there is.
Do mexicans don't do fry ups?
2bh I don't know about Mexico food/culture other than sterotypes from movies. Tacos & rice
Guitar cases filled with weapons
Good?
I had ants ice cream a few years back, it was pretty good.
It was trend in London about less cow, more incests
Just close your eyes
I had crabs & lobster guts in Thailand. It was suprisely good but I had to close my eyes
Crab is lying there as well  so they don't remove the guts
The Thais do
Yeah indeedo
Asians don't see it that way
Yeah probably used to  hide the drug smell
Depends if you want cocoline lined cod
Cocaine
According to Narcos Mexico TV show that drugs arrive in Guadalajara area from Columbia
That's support for America
Support line who is owned & run El Chapo
I see.
A whole industry is going to have many supply lines or routes.
I always thought it be cool if you cross play between type of games to highlight the organisational structure/ivory tower syndrome. For example; drug lord would play strategy game. A soldier would as First person shooter, farmers would play a puzzle/RPG.
All these games interlink & affect it each other by actions & conquences.
For an example; Drug lord  wants a new factory in dangerous area. So lord would figure out how much resources we need to take it over.
Then 1st person shooter player would have to attack this area & kill all enemies in this area.
Would farmer have to figure how to make the drugs in the area
The problem I have with playing games with friends & family is that we all like different experiences/playing styles. It's hard to agree on the same game to play together & also having the same time slot to play.
Crossplay between different games could solve this problem
But presents a new set of design challenges
Yeah It's a game system or engine. That's just a context to explain communication/connectivity between games.
Yeah it is huge
I agree that is why I find GTA abit boring with the story, just crappy mini games tied together.Yeah the concept here would be 3 different games with different core solid mechanics. Rather than one game. But you are moving the problem of frustration where the strategy game player will not know when shooter game player is done.
Unless you make the connectivity & communication of feedack loop between the games very loose but gives the illusion that link is deeper/more meaningful actually in reality
GTA hides it's crap mechanics with the story & it being so self aware. If it wasn't for that, the game would be ropey mess.
I love PS2 ones, the recent ones are abit dull because they are remakes. Maybe I'm bored with GTA
Yeah that is true. I'm not a casual gamer, gaming is one of my main pastimes. GTA is perfect for casual gamers, I'm not apart of that audience. I like I was saying before; my opinion doesn't mean much for the mainstream, I know or played too much.
Defination of "good" is too objective & subjective  on your expectations or tastes to say to straight out that is "good".
"Good" for everyone
I think that is problem with Hollywood & AAA games are trying to please/sell to too many people. It isn't built for particular style or audience
Yeah all of things are. These aren't Facts but purely opinions
All going back to T&C Apple debate. It's fact that say "they say don't sell their data" but it is purely opinion if they actually action truefully on that statement. My opinion if I was running Trillion$ business I would say whatever to make more money.
Whereas your opinion is that stick to that because you like their products which is fair enough.
I'm treading carefully
How would you prove it either way?
Trump is perfect example. It's taken the FBI 4 years to prove that he is abusing his position/breaking the law
How many organisations have resources like the FBI?
You need alot of resources to do that.
Unless you get someone in Apple to openly admit it. But why would they?
That is just my opinion on how all corporations of that size can been run
Anyway opinions are like assholes; everyone has one.
Just to agree to disagree.
Basically saying if you think something is "Good" or "Mainstream", that is just your opinion, not a fact. Going back to my opinions, I think too into games to have opinion that the average Joe would agree with nor understand. Too into the bubble. Same with politics, I'm too much of a dreamer/idealistic for most people to relate to nor understand.
I'm fully aware of that, I have no delusion.
He is dead mate!
It's just my opinion; GTA has always been sum of it's parts rather any part being that polished. Compared to recent sandbox games; there is more polished mechanics overall. An perfect example is; Zelda. Every mechanic/feature works so well. Not one part is crap
I'm not saying I'm a higher level, just a different point of view. Which you don't want to understand or I'm not making myself clear/using the right words or IM is the wrong medium for this type of conversations. Either one of them.
Also for me GTA appeal has massively been around it's context, with the environment, characters, story, not the mechanics. This being a game set in LA again, it's not so interesting and the story is very similar to previous games. If it was based in another city or another country with different type of characters, would be far more interesting & diverse for stories you can tell. When this part of it, isn't as good as other games; mechanics become more of a problem.
I'm going to Bali in May, bollocks!
Why can't people keep their virus to themselves
Says the mexican't
Says the Ruby god
Different topic; could I ask you a flavour? I realise that you code all week, just wondering if I could give you some code and tell me what is wrong with it? I keep getting an error and I'm sure not why (it's only 69 lines of very basic code)
JS
Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token 'else'
I did. It's very basic stuff to learn the logic of how JS works
I send you privately to your number rather in this thread
line 25
To test I just drag to the Chrome browser as it is very basic stuff
I send to you
Yeah
Has your number changed recently?
Oh fuck it, I place it here
Oh yes you're right, thank you very much :) The problem I have with coding/learning code on sunday your brain is dead
In a context:
In a context; 
How come?
That's a good point.
Just following this JS book and learning the different between functions and methods in objects
Anyway I talk you in directly as I realise i didn't have your number as this isn't most inclusive of conversations
Yeah i've done that, thanks :)
Who doesn't like a good argument? You learn alot of shit that way
Function Lion() 
Gives you alot of perspective & stories to tell for sure
How come there is so many super armed cops in Marine? Because of crime or political tense with terrorism, etc like here with ISIS? I remember seeing cops with mp40s on London Bridge & Liverpool street for months
Does Philippines have any big industries/employers?
Vietnam is broke, average person earns $3k per year but the crime is low because there is alot of industry/employers. Being one of biggest exporters for rice
Yeah lol
There is other industries/things they are known for but I can't remember.
Same for any captial city, you have mix of classes & distribution of wealth. Just found it interesting visiting countries learning why it is why it is.
Culture meets wealth meets religion meets industries
There is a game in somewhere "How to built your own country"
Is it for same brands? Levi's is always Â£60 but surely there is cheaper brand locally to where you are?
I guess you're living in Hipster cool area in Mexico city like Shoreditch, it's not you're living in Croydon
Did you get fake lion branded clothes?
Lol fuck it, buy it anyway & show off. At least, the cops would one less reason to shot you
I bought crappy vietnamese shirts
Sounds like fun :)
Maria I know are usually quite hot
I love tacky religious things. You remember Patrick's present in NYC
You probably could buy cheap rubies & start the cult there
Good night
Check out this upcoming concert: Orbital Printworks London.
Anyone want to go?
You will be there in spirit being a god & all.
Been hearing good things  about game. Glad it's making to way to consoles: 
Cool, it's out already. How much is it?
I remember playing 1st episode on stream like 8 years or something. I need to play again, I remember it had awesome atmosphere & story telling.
I wish I was a monkey. Simpler life
Climb trees all tree & swing trees. Mario the life
Why are you developer? You have another calling
I remember at that time. There was alot of these bizzare Hipster point n click story games like "Sword & Sworcery"
Yeah. Just meant it as it was an complement rather an actual real reason like rhetorical question.
That is the way of the developer.
Sometimes I enjoy it but most of time, not really.
Same!
Sorry don't follow. Vague of expectations does that mean?
Oh the game didn't trust the player, treated you as if you're stupid
Yeah it wasn't made with any play testing. Because they would spotted those things if they did
I can't remember if I did or not. Probably not
I remember this one which I stuck on for ages where you tap these berry things in certain order
* Iremember this one bit which I was stuck for ages
I hate Whatsapp that you can't edit your messages
You sodo rapeing again? Come on, you have datapoints to start your deep learning!
Declare why?
That was when you were making Ruby on Wheels
Sodo on wheels?
I remember the soundtrack was awesome. I like Jim Guthrie. He does alot of game soundtracks & great solo artist too
I used to see them when I lived with my sister. They live in town called Petts Wood. Near Bromley
You might on to something. Coding with a live audience, who can make the best app in 30 mins.
Imagine the personalities "My logic is better than yours"
My Ruby is better than your Python
It doesn't have to edgars who says that. He could say:
How dare you! You lack honour!
Oh Ruby!
Looks pretty cool. Smart for marketing too, show an animation off each week to keep people interested as well as yourself to keep movation going.
I used to use Twitter alot for same reason but I find it has similar problems to FB, just too many attention whores with no substance.
True that!
This looks quite cool
Its abit annoying I had that idea for mechanic, been beated to the punch! Balls!
It sounds so made up but sounds believable. If it wasn't in Mexico, I doubt this highly.
Oh Ruby!
Oh wow, they are desperate!
Good on Keith fo getting a A-rank director position
That is very overelaborate; what lengths they went!
I quite enjoy FF films. It's perfect turn your off brain & go to toilet & come back still know what is going on. Sometimes just need a silly fun film
Yeah looks very silly with super car captured by a plane
I don't know who half of the characters are tho.
I guess its not exactly HBO character study
You are an fan?
Fan = true
Var Fan = true;
I love how you are skooling me
Hope it is inspirional rather the pain approach by doing 50 push ups whilst declaring functions.
If you get an error, you just slab a book in your face. Till you get it right
The Ruby Way!
The way of the ruby
What a mentor! Did you learn how to get roles that you can't do too?
He was one werid cat reflecting on it
Deep theory so why do work at all?
I hated all of those stupid code named projects at Blippar, Project slingshot, etc.
Connect is when everything started going down hill. Who cares about info from random objects?
Just realized that a Array is JS is a object, I thought it was a type, not a object.
Sorry I mean Array is a object in JS
So it's both? I thought you have types like string, number & Objects like Math, Document
Math.random is Object Math with the method random, I find it confusing to get my head around. Maybe just time with it
Console.log is the same
I mean the concept console of being a object & log being it's method (function)
Good idea!
Has anyone Las Palmas de Gran Canaria before?
May go there for holiday and work from there for a bit in March
You're bigger one, you're in mexican't being one!
There is office at my work but it is soulless
no one goes in.
I've been to Majorca, I liked it but very expensive. So nothing too special there?
It is just filled with british restaurants & british bulldog pubs?
I would go to back to Barcelona but it is still cold there, want somewhere warmer and something I haven't done before and also within our timezone for work
I see what you mean, it's very 80's holiday resort. Abit quick rich
Yeah it is varied island - This is more up of street - old spain - 
Yeah 1st world problems, maybe just a holiday & not work there afterwards. Barcelona was cool to live because there was so much to do & see there, people & food, etc
I used to live in Birmingham, its really cheap but a really boring city
Imagine London without things to do/lack culture
with same type of people who can't understand a word they say
Manchester is better
From the one day being there, it was better than Birmingham
It is werid that NaN typeof (returns) a number, what?
The section of the book is talking about using values of objects & variables, you can get undefined & nulls as well as NaN
I guess so you can debug
I guess it is number that JS can't represent like 1001/168
Ok bad examplke but you get what I mean
It is a weird one. Have you experience NaN in your code?
I like I have some form of awareness or understanding of it alth I doubt I will come across myself soon.
Also there is infinity value too
this is good narrative game on the pad 
Tell Tale Walking dead games are awesome too
Old point n click I guess
Yeah indeedo & art & animation is incredible
I wanted to play 
Never got around to it because lots of cute animals in it
Nah I haven't been out of loop these days
I saw a talk by them at Game festivial in Nottingham way back. Their creative process is really refreshing
Animation looks amazing. I like the clear background to make look it's a piece of paprer
Buy them all. They need the money; as the whole gaming market on mobile is pretty candy crush or clash of clans
Is it on Switch?
If there is something we can all agree; it is that
So who is playing or watching? A lady friend?
CRT sets?
Let's us know how it goes. Hope it's Mrs Ruby
Your thing is making TV sets out of Rubies
Its why I hate social media. So superficial & meaningless
You probably love it. For me it's such waste of time
sounds like Nicolas Winding Refn film. 5 hours of pretty shots that say nothing
I wonder what he say about your logic? "Lacks passion!"
How I would know? But some Nicolas Winding Refn would say
Called the Rubies?
I defo not the demograhic
WTF!
You should record a "roar" and send to them
I'm fan wannabe, so I can't imagine what your roar sounds like.
What do these modular speakers do? What's USP other than to play music?
Wow that is some good kit!
You should beckme DJ Mat & Lion to become MC
DJ Matt & MC Lion
I dont think i'm very clickable. Whereas a Lion
When you forming "Lion massive"?
All you have to get a photo of Sanir getting strangled by lion boy (obviously pretending) & call the album "Mexican't" & sell millions
I'm a waste guy looking for my next high to say bye
Nice try, you die as you fly
A piece of art
Does it work?
I wonder how effective that method vs PPC vs other forms of advertising?
He could a complete crackhead & doesn't work at all
Brilliant! Chaos theory in real time
I'm a football player?
What does american do?
Have anyone of you sat next dude who smell so bad that it could knock you out?
Dude at gym smell like he lived on cheese & drugs &  has never washed
Did he inspire your code at the time?
That guy stunk so bad that I was attempted to pick ass & smell my finger for improvement in air quality. Come to think about it, you own ass/shit always better than others right?
Does BBC do Philosophy? I thought it was all Jermy Colybn looked at a cake funny or Vegan diet cook shows
Tell me more
Ok I get ya! I hear an werid theory that apart of attraction is natural smells, they gave 10 dirty men shirts to women. The ones which woman liked was a narual partner they reckon it is our survival thing
Going back to that theory;  I need to find partner that I like smell of their shit
Could end up with this? 
True love
I really hope that is a true story
I like the idea of a bat curry. It's eating part of batman 
They do that in Mexico?
Insects are tasty :)
I had ants in ice cream
Interesting read. 
ou guys may wanna give this a go! 
That a good or bad thing? You haven't seen my sock draw. Unless I wasn't aware of such event as you were in my humble aboard once.
I think you were super high. There is nothing alphabetical about my room
Shit building more like
Anyone to see orbitial in march? - 
You should go! You get away with roaring at people!
Never been so I wouldn't know
But I wouldn't a good rig if I saw one 2bh, they are lights to me
Lights will become flowers mate when I'm on drugs, that won't help with critique of lights
Normally think of creation of the universe and why I exist and purpose within this western system of society. So fuck the lights!
Thankfully I don't do drugs on dates
I like the boneing but not the breeding, there is many fuckers on the planet already.
Can you perform whilst on drugs?
I remember doing something & I was convinced that dick left me & went walkies.
Ruby's god smack line
Huh?
Sounds like my new hero
Yeah I remember a girl I was dating complaining about that pix. I was like "I don't care" about a pix
She was concerned about her image & social status. I guess that is typical women
Humour + women = undefined
I don't understand what is wrong with it either altho that I don't like that now
I don't look like that now
We all age
I did! hence *Was* dating
I'm bald now
I shave the wig off every few weeks
I don't. But she did because a photo filled with hair & now I have no hair. She was one of those social proofing chicks and Korean
Korean & Japanese chicks are hot but very proper & serious
and honorable
I didn't want cutting off her pinky because she thought she betraying her honour of dating someone with incorrect pictures reflecting their most recent haircut
I guess from her point of view, either I'm not serious or I was lying/hiding
That isn't many that aren't. It's rare to find good woman (as a good person).
With internet dating, date 10 women. 1 of them will be good, the rest are dickheads. Either gold diggers, social proofers or just plain toxic.
Different app or approach for sure
Be nice to meet people old fashioned way but I don't handy go out anymore
Anyway enough moping
You could be a good wingman, you could roar at them
Inspire them without having to kipnap
Its about the energy & soul, the fact you're doing things on your terms
I think that will work too for very different reasons
Only if you're in a geek bar that will work.
It is one of my missions is to convince & witness Lion to roar at a random.
Give a proper roar with soul & also you too
You know you wanna
You said that last time, just roar! Your audience will love it
I think you improve your logic. Clear your mind. Maybe invent Roar Ruby
Who said anything about scoring? I think you would enjoy it & free you from being developer enitity
The 1st developer to roar
That is why need to roar inspire your way through the doors as you snooze
Just watched parasite. Wow what a movie
Huh?
Yeah film of the year for sure
That sounds awesome. Not a quick cash in. ShinichirÅ Watanabe being involved; he is amazing genius, Cowboy is one of fave animes
I couldn't get in GITS shows. I think properly due to access to content & where to start because there like 5 different shows from a different time periods.
Its like starting to show Star Trek just too overwleming with choice
Very disappointed, no one has roared.
Never hear of her but feel sad for her. It's becoming pretty common which is tragic. Mental health is bigger problem than people think. I personally think it be next big killer connected to mobile/social addiction & various of other factors
I'm referencing to the number of deaths, darling!
Yeah it is awesome. I'm Surprised you liked it, there was wanky 10 mins shoots of someone picking their nose. Then calling it Art!
Wasn't any wanky 10 mins shots
I liked how the whole thing unravelled/went seriously wrong. The whole basement thing
I loved how the film played with you, never knowing what how things will pan out
Good for him. Where & what?
Just playing Bioshock again, forgotten how good it is.
This message was deleted
Explain your logic
I'm just seeing lions on my web browser here
Looking at this and lions starting to appearing the list
I knew What's App was dodgey with surveillance
Or I roared at someone
Really? He was great performer, super werid but entertaining
The gig I saw him at, he had a ladder and tent which he had equipment in, just went up the ladder with a umbrella and went in tent to play certain parts of his tracks
werid gig
Actually might of been clark as I usually saw them together back to back
Huh? Declare your feelings on it
In code please?
JS
Function Feelings (Movie, emotion, movie experience);
When is it again?
Nah I deal with fashion twats for a living mate
Alright moody guts! Do I have to read it?
I didn't realise that is pay per click forum.
you referring to this orbital gig? 
Give them a roar they love it!
No probably. They will love it! Especially declare if you like beer!
Are going to visual design/animation festivial in berlin? Sorry I don't the exact specialism
Well that is why I applying to become Irish citizen.
Wrong thread; I'm personally don't feel english cultural, so become Irish suits me better as identity if it matters at all
What nationality would you like to become? If you could easily
There is alot of ironic in there. I just don't just get english culture 2bh especially the work culture.
Yeah just why I'm thinking "I get fuck out"
There is always pros & cons to every place & culture you can live in. Just down if you live somewhere you are happy being in/presents your values as a human being.
I personally hate to live in Japan, because it's english culture on crack. More uptight, lies & pretending.
Wheras somewhere like Spain or Italy, there is more humanity/chilled culture.
Yeah indeedo
1st world problems where to live is the question.
Brexit is the beginning of the end for me. London is changing it's filled with Tories. Then again I lived here for 20 years so maybe either way cut it, time to move on.
For once, I'm being precise & serious.
Generally no. I think I just had a change.
Need a change
You really dig Watcher! How hardcore into are you,
?
Ruby Cavill
Oh wow! Congrats, I guess ðŸ˜¬
Just watched "The lighthouse" bloody good
Very well made
Yeah indeedo.
You watch films? I thought you were only allow to code
What did you think of it?
It was bizzare mix of comedy & terror
It was such bizzare film, not sure if you're joking
Yeah it nailed the feeling of being cut off fron the real world. Their performances as actors were amazing
Very raw & human
Sound design was incredible too
He is very good director. Same guy who directed "The Witch". Myself & Lion boy went to see it, can't remember if you came
They were very hard to understand. Had to focus to understand their old sailor english
"Why you spill your beans?"
"I don't care about your beans"
Dialogue was well written, it wasn't overdone which come of easily, feel natural in the context of the film
I think you been watching "spider light man"
He becomes the light goblin
He was alot of ass & farts
I didnt realise mexico had cinemas
Download?
Oh ruby
It's interesting because from a QA point of view; Android is far easier for automation (regression) & release management (later stages in the dev cycle) whereas Apple it seems it is easier for development.
Pros & cons between platforms for each step of software dev cycle
Design > Develop > Test > Deploy
Test & Deploy are easier
on Android
Says the designer
Yeah indeedo. I find dev cycle/process interesting. How you go around it & different challenges each discipline faces; its hard to address them all well.
Only people who work in the Tech field cares. I can't imagine the average person caring.
What is the ratio for android/iOS user?
For your product/company
If it 50/50 then its a big deal if it is 10/90 its not so bad neverless annoying
At my company its 50/50 because it is hyper casual game
Apple could do exactly same thing. The problem is they have too power/market share. There needs to be more competition.
Let me guess "Apple" is amazing ..... because of this & that. They are all same.
When you control 30% of any market isn't good for anyone expect for them.
It goes in around abouts because app submission iOS is so painful because if you don't have the app testable by their automation bots. It take a few weeks to arrange for a human to test on their own end. However the app we building had very unique login flow which had automation on their end impossible.
No they say for PR purposes. But not in reality; 90% time it is automation which is why submission time has increased to 3 days from 1 week. Marual process isn't scaleable. Which is perfectly understandable.
Which is why failure rate is high which is good & bad. If you making a conventional app which is fine; if you innovating not reay.
Well done, you are thinking yourself rather being told what to think by the Big Apple.
Sounds like you dealing with another "Phil", just his way or highway which isn't good for code sharing or scaling to get more devs on board.
One thing I can about my company, tech leads are really good at understanding overall process for software & getting people onboard to help them build better features/product.
Do you have to work with him?
They are understand different disciplines and their needs. It's very refreshing
Business people are
Product/Tech people are pretty good
The challenge is the clash of cultures/industries & mindsets
There is two parts of the business from a high level. Business people who provide the business specs (problems), the product people who figure out the solution & figure out the how.
The problem I have when becomes to business managing their expectations. Business will provide the sign off for a feature, because the fashion world everything is final (not iterative), each screen has to been pixel perfect. Won't allow release till this is so because to them it's a :"blocker". To the product, this is minor/tweak which we could easily patch in the future release.
I don't want to bore you with all the details. Basically there isn't any risk assessment to priorise what adds to value to the business. The politics is that new CTO gets me my problem with providing direction; for us as start up to be more iterative & less waterfall less depend on low level requirements.
Exactly. They don't understand that. I've spend past 3 months skooling the business the difference between blockers & minors for risk assessment
Should that block a release, no
It is bigger business requirements to meet
Yeah this been on-going for 6 months now, it's better.
it's getting better
Unfortunately I'm in the middle of tenses between business & product
I don't bore you to death with my problems. To be honest, I'm think to move on anyway.
The core problem from QA point of view. Same at Blippar Actually is you want to good ratio of signals/noise. You want noise which adds value to business, goes up to right people. Imagine to chat to you guys "Sorry I know, you're working on next cool feature that bring lots of happy users, can you move this button by 5 pixels please?"
It's a bad context switch too. Also the rank accordingly to the risk of problem, you should figuring out some good UX/tech problem not moving a button by 5 pixels.
That's not what I mean. Bug/task/ feature all that element of risk, so you act accordingly to risk basically.
Anyway it's boring
Been & done. It's getting better, they getting it slowly. Too little, too late for me
Wait and see, I may become better. I just want to have a job with work/life balance to focus on my personal projects ;games stuff
There is sprint planning sessions, so tasks and bugs get assigned to a sprint accordingly to risk & effect
Sprints are presented to founders to explain what is going delivered & how
There is road map. Vision & direction isn't the problem. It getting a good specs & managing their expectations of quality/standards.
Yeah I just thinking "fuck this!"
I wanna just have a wank instead
Your own app or through work?
Will it have Lions in it?
I'm not mean. Well....maybe I think i'm insightful (head grows)
Oh yeah you do interact with Oliver. I thought you hated him because he isn't logical or relateable
On the cards.
It's on netflix, I've been watching some. It's dated but solid stories, they are really clever
yup, I think all of them are. Star Trek & new generation is
When I am not right lol
Never seen Quantum leap, sounds like a great concept
hUH?
That bad huh? It was how I felt with 24 & Dexter worst endings ever
To be fair, its rare to see a show with a good ending with more 4 seasons
The wire & breaking bad have amazing endings but usually disappoint
Holy crap!
I had to re-read your message I thought you said "been banging his sister" no wonder he was upset
Hearing sex roars with his sister
Sounds like a twat. Did he roar or bang the GF in revenge? Or was this before your lion boy origin story?
Oh yeah you studied together right?
Do I wonder if Leon was in fact Lion boy for reals, what would his origin story be?
Same for Ruby god
That's not a story, that is task.
As a user, I watched a lion documentary & wanted to become a lion
Lion = roars
You don't become a lion?
you don't want to become a lion?
"Lowly" get off your high horse mate!
You should try it, very liberating
People interfering with your work?
They are cunts.
Out of seriousness, knowing what to listen to what adds value & what stage when it makes sense. If you just prototyping a game to figure what makes it fun, you don't start getting feedback on visual design or the name of the game.
I guess it figuring how to use that energy & steer it from the creatives.
Most of the time, it just passion rather than I'm better than you
Or just want to be heard
It's tricky balance I know
Yeah I get ya but they have one for features. Unless you mean QA roadmap for tools/technologies to successfully test those features in time, then no. I'm working on that. They also call it QA Strategy.
Good idea. I wished there was CD at my place actually
CD type role
Yeah funny because all of designers at work complain about Android app for those designs & layouts don't look right but yet they don't design for Android in mind. This is 1st thing I've changed because you need design in mind for both platforms & design for most common resolutions.
It doesn't help that there is design lead or CD to pin this down.
Indeedo. It just tunnel vision I guess
Now they design each feature for both iOS & Android with their OS buttons/Libraries.
Its other way around for my company for some reason. Belong feature teams are happy and reducing bugs with better design, I don't care.
Drest
I'm too close to it to have a fair opinion.
Just provide your email and you should get through quickly
Trying to give the illusion of exclusivity
You're special as you're been picked for early access that type of deal. In terms of marketing/PR, they share of the same idealogies in Apple in a way
Enjoy
I think the weakest parts is product (UX & user engagement) & quality (QA)
What do you think of it? Honest opinion?
They sell it in mexico? I couldnt find any in Barcelona
Yeah I agree. Product team are re-working the on core mechanics/reward loops. I think core problem the game is contextual but there is context to your actions. Why I am dressing up models? Perhaps a story or narrative.
Emily & Rory? Yeah indeedo
Max is a game designer/PM she is very good but not sure if it is enough tho
Roles have changed recently. There isnt enough product/game design
Its complex pipeline. Reminds me Blippar Actually. You have content & app team
Olivia creates the content, the clothes items which is all hand made right now which is biggest USP really. Like Fifa with football because all items are real fasion items from real brands
You are more app or content?
Its tricky balance right now, there is temptation to sell to lots of brands but with poor user retention like Blippar. You need both.
Just roar at them. It will inspire them
You work TV app I thought you were working on a game?
Sorry I cant make up
Yup that is the problem. Everything has to been perfect but with understanding of solution. Management were just providing solutions so product were just pixel monkeys but that has changed recently
Now they provide a problem, then product would figure out a solution and become up with features to meet their requirements for fashion
Yeah indeedo. The ownership is a big problem. No clear boundaries of who does what
Typical start up right
What is your app called?
Please be called "Lion interactive videos!"
I download in a heartbeat
I see. You don't do regular releases like SaaS, you only release big changes
Da Vinci Media the company from Berlin?
Wow! That is alot of work.
For Drest there is only 2 QAs including me which is just silly.
Sounds very promising & exciting work!
I'm hiring 2 more but our recruiter is just clueless & also doing it myself
I'm pitched to business that we need more QA to reduce the risk for releases & provide higher confidence
Yeah that's out of your hands. That's the business people/ founders problem or KPI. You want to aim to most engaging product possible, stickyness or enjoyable (hard to measure) is your KPI
Yeah indeedo. That is what worries me with Drest, not sure if they are doing enough to be competitive nor become a sticky product. No one will have jobs soon
Yeah they have investors, could be another Blippar you know
It's not my problem but just tired of these companies not going anywhere
Personally there is no one to vent to. Whereas Blippar, I can moan & vent to you lot whereas Drest I can't do that. The higher you are, the lonely it becomes I guess
It's just trade off
More money = more BS
True that
Sorry change of topic. Crazy that CD Projekt developer of Witcher 3 is 2nd biggest game company in europe now - 
I know they are good company but didn't realized that doing that well
Yeah crazy. Witcher 3 is one of the games that just makes selling consistly without marketing spend
Witcher 3 has probably sold 20 million without COD spend of Â£200 million marketing
Not really. It's not being advertised in the super bowl or anything. Paying football players to say how great it is withe their e-sports sponsored nikes on
Witcher spend is tiny now compared to a yearly Call of Duty
That helps too
& also I read that cyberpunk has had huge number or pre-orders already which funds their dev costs i guess
Anyway I'm suprised that they are doing too well, good for them :)
Random scenario Q: If you had Hitler & Trump in the same room; do you think they hit it off? What do you they speak about?
What would they speak about?
Recreating scenes of stealing money from Jews
Hitler would love iOS - Control & conditioning
Reliable technology to remove individualism & dumbdown language & human/social interaction to benefit the party
Hitlerspeak
I don't care 2bh I just like winding you up!
You're all very easy.
I rubyed your mum. She loved me
Anything for you darling!
In next 10 years, I will see how Apple and Google will be divided by money & social association with wealthy. Apple = Posho tories & Android = poor
Android = cyperpunk
iOS = black mirror
lol
I prefer to be cyberpunk. Technicalogy & human freedom rather than social comforming/conditioning
Always find the whole rich vs poor happiness debate interesting
Would you want to be super rich but you have speak like a lord & marry your cousin? Or be poor but you can do anything you wanted
but you have to fight to eat day to day
It would be ugly one for sure
She would have more money
You couldn't be a Ruby god or develop what you want. You do exactly you are told/expected of you
If you are broke, becoming a ruby god what made you become rich.
Apple won't even do iSight or iBreathe because they have stick to T&Cs and poshos won't want that
They are slow progress because of social limitations & expectations of luxury brand.
It's all fantasy nevertheless maybe I've always been the underdog I'm happy being that
I guess I earn middle class money but I don't feel middle class nor can relate to english middle class tings
"You can take the boy out of London, but you can't take London out of the boy"
I grow in Croydon in 90's/early 00's you had 20 shankings a week just in croydon. It's now gentrified & improved alot but back then, people would say "get rich, make the switch" & going to Iceland was considered luxury.
I've used to now/accepted it. I remember back I disliked rich kids from cambridge or Oxford or whatever, rich twats coming in. I didn't know any well off londoners/Kent boys
So just associated anyone who came outside of london was rich cunt
I hope not but you're probably right
I like to think that I'm earned my wealth rather expecting a silver spoon
I hate typical english middle class entitlement
Did it earn it or con people didn't he?
With overpriced products made in a smearshop
I know. Just a joke!
No thanks
Samsung factory workers at least work with honour & respect
I prefer that being given an apple
No Korea is same too
Different culture but similar ideologies. Like compairing us to Germans, we share alot of idealogies & social traits
You calling me the racist! Naughty! Naughty!
Whatever you rubyist! Always bashing the ruby, JS is better! Whatever!
chili
I like look of the console. Reminds me of a big gamecube
It's interesting move that they claim that they won't have exclusive games for that console for at least 3 years as they want to build game library/platform which will work across xbox one, X series & phones
Not sure if it will work out for them but it's ballsy
Im cyperpunk already
Such innovation & forward thinking
Where is your new office?
Maybe it is just me. I think the art direction/look of new Street of rage doesn't fit the IP. They make look a cute cartoon. 
Charcters don't belong on those backgrounds
Imagine that, The Ruby, the lion, the oh dear, the strong, the bullshitter, the bigC & the wedding. What a scene!
Imagine on Ruby on gas.
Depends what he does. Probably a travel blogger or something BS like that
Not everyone is rich like Ruby god
I used to have wordpress blog, it's so 00's now
I see!
I like them both. You make more videos like that. I can join in!
You should make more videos like that
Is Apple TV any good? Like good content?
I know it isn't doing well against the competition but doesnt mean it is bad.
Do you realise that is Android right?
Yeah they have 0.3% of the market, I guess that could be good enough
Mobile market is huge. I know that you don't care about this stuff, the industry is worth alot. But even 0.3% isn't great in terms of usable but value is still good. Hopefully they have resources & monies to go further with that ideology & get more users, etc. 
Just watched documentary called "The pharmacist" Very good, recommend it if you like social justice stories.
Amazon does do some awesome shows like Mr Robot & Preacher, they are high production movie quality too especially Mr Robot.
I don't know how they produced Mr Robot on a yearly basis with production values & quality of story telling/acting.
Probably they relied heavy on visual post-production companies
Money, money & money. Makes the world go round
Would be a better usecase if they did it in cities that don't contact system like NYC. Its old ticket system
Because solves the problems with tickets.
Tickets are crap
Touch systems like oyser are useful
So you can pay for travel with Google instead of using oyser card? Thats the use case I can think of that adds value to the user
The only use case
If that is use case just seems pointless in London which contact system anyway. Who doesn't have Oyser card in London? Perhaps it is good for tourists
Fair enough
Just saying that cities that don't a system like oyser would benifit from this more.
If I was either company; I approach big cities & we offer payment pads for your station & we can cut from each transaction. Everyone wins
Nice idea but not a business on it's own. It's augmented services like making mirrors for cars.
You sound like a Product manager/bus dev person
Probably lots of hidden hand shake agreements - "Give me all of my wife's surveillance + Â£20 million in my offshore bank account"
Surveillance data
LOL "For life"
I love the concept of brother speak
From 1984 book. How you can control people by determining the use of a language or reducing words
Yeah his is genius. Facebook, Google, Apple & Amazon are the platforms for controlling this
Its already true or already happening.
You could argue they are happier for it tho
That is only one extreme; not as nation as whole. Probably most north Koreans are happy because they have no other concepts than what their lord tells them.
Wealth doesn't = happiness
Thailand is perfect example. Most people are broke but seem content at least with their situation & who they are.
Ok North Korea is a bad example but you get my point
Some people just happy with what they have rather not have.
How do you do know? You're judging them on your system of success rather than theirs
I'm not talking about money. Talking the culture mindset of individuals who live in that society.  If you don't know that word "His/her" exists as concept won't affect you.
Sometimes ignorance is bless.
Nick is saying some cultures don't have the concept/words for "His/her" just saying that to them, it doesn't matter because don't know. May be happier for it, can't judge on that.
Not talking about their poverty, talking their culture & language which on the topic on what we talking about.
Anyway hasn't matter. communication break down
Going to Gran Canaria at end of March so that bee interesting!
Tenerife which is nearby island
Thanks darling ðŸ˜˜
You don't like "Darling"? I can roar at you if you prefer
I thought creative types love "Darling"
huh?
Kill an american & they have street parties, throwing american body parts around. They are super happy then
1+
Is that posh in Mexico? I guess here is Thai or Japanese
Looks like something from "Burnout" or "The fast & furious"
Are living where all of rich drug lords hang out?
Oh wow, pixs are so funny!
I really enjoyed Dredd, I was hoping it would a good film franchise but I think flopped big time
It was nice balance of cyberpunk bleakness & sci fi craziness but a solid action movie
Didnt take it seriously like blade runner but wasn't too dumb of action film
I think that is problem with too many stakeholders with a popular IP, I can't imagine the pressure & politics of making comic book film. How do you balance making a good film keep the stakeholders requests in there like "I want a scene with a donkey in it" & please the comic books? Must be hard
I didn't know Alex Garland worked it which is why it was good.
talking of which. I'm interested to watching this by Garland -
Alright moody Ruby!
I think you are probably a good singer being able to roar at people!
What would you recommend as good accessible Jazz artist? always wanted get into Jazz, its too overwelming  with so many artists. Remember being NYC with Nick, we saw lots of awesome Jazz players in bars it was pretty cool.
Come to think about the best bars were in our local area in Brooklyn
Manhattan was way too uptight & posh for me
Thank you for the list. Gives me a focus.
I check them out
On less cultured note, Has any played FF 15 here?
Has anyone played Final Fantasy 15 here?
Oh dear, you need to play FF 9. Better than 7 in MHO
Fair enough
I played/finished a new one for like 10 years now for that reason. I thought it would be good to get into one again; I need a better work/life balance; travelling is off my radar for a while.
I played Persona 4 on PSP for a good 8 hours & I couldn't get into, found it hard work. It's more life sim than RPG, you have cook food, go to school & met friends, etc
I've hear good things about this
Guess they trying to branch out & try new things. At the same time; if I was 16 I love it as you have the time to learn mechanics & treasure the depth/experience. So maybe JRPGs are meant for me anymore for that reason
I think I prefer to play Old skool more linear story driven games
Same. My friend is big Final fantasy fan, just plays FF games or story driven games like Rockstar or resident evil games. He never play a puzzle game or competitive shooter. Doesn't care about mechanics, just wants to told a story
FF is really about the story & characters really, depends how much you like characters & the world will affect how much you like the fame
Yeah it is great. Its fun co-op too. Good Girlfriend game
Get Pretti to play it with you
Indeedo
People are assholes, they all like a good wipe.
Just watching Crocodile Dundee, its entertaining for all of wrong reasons. It's amazing how far social norms & humanism has come since 80's
All of recent FF games are mix of fantasy & sci-fi like 12 & 13 especially
Also 10 too
Have a look at stream punk stuff which is history meets sci-fi with fantasy. Valkria Chronicles is WW2 with magic & stream tech
There isn't many mainstream examples
I recommend "SuperSonic" Doc on Oasis on Netflix, entertaining watch about their big break in the 90's
I remember my 1st job in games at Sega as game tester. I was doing 10.30pm till 7am shift; the shift was filled super weridos. Some of them had sonic tattoos & would tell you stories of their fav sonic moment. I remember doing it during winter. I used to wake up when it was Dark & go to bed when it was light & not know what day or time it is. Very werid feeling & experience
Never had a job/culture like that
We used to call it "graveyard" shift because it filled with vampires & zombies
Oh Ruby, what did you do? I bet you starting declaring women as functions
A point that are they functions?
Sounds like a british entitled Twat!
or american
That sounds awesome!
Binding of Isaac is great
He can surpisely can act. I liked him in a film Paterson, very humble sweet film but abit up it's own bum.
Great werid film. I saw it with live Orchestra which was awesome XP
Yeah to be fair. Alot of actors who get famous from being in big IP do get alot of stick/stuck you are shit actor & just hired because you look the part. Harry Potter & Twilight.
It's intense
Yeah indeedo but just mean actors like Emma Watson, Daniel Radcliffe are all considered as "crap" actors but turn it to around
Just generally I think being in famous from big IP as actor can damage your career as much it create one
Yeah he is shit
Robert & Emma are good
Both Robert & Emma I written off as pretty faces not serious "actors"  but have proved me wrong
Its like actor who plays Luke Skywalker. He basically gone fuck all for 30 years
He voices Joker in Batman cartoon & games thats about it since
Maybe out of choice rather he can't act
Some actors who in this huge IP, want their name & move on which I respect about at least self aware & doing what they want to do.
Daniel Craig is perfect example, he was actual a great actor before bond films
Now why bother?
Shit & just bond.
I hear he was good in knives out but thats the only filmI can think he has been in other than bond for 10 years now
Indeedo
Perhaps doing a Bond film just kills you psychologically & physically. I can't imagine getting punched 50 times in face per day for 16 hour days whilst a producer is screaming at "smile at camera!"
Played final fantasy XII for 15 mins & its already so much better than 15.
Its werid that is pretty much same for same with the story but the way it is told, the feel of the game & the art direction just makes so much better
Boris is your favourite
It's funny, I've been feeling abit crappy for 2 weeks & everytime I speak to someone "No corona for you, just a cold"
Bloody Virus! 
My argument is if you don't like it, you don't have to watch it.
Look who is talking skinhead!
I think she has a point. I was just how people thought back then, a film of the times. I'm sure films now will be offensive in 50 year time when social mores have changed
read the link
Goldberg said at the time, "Iâ€™m trying to find a way to get people to start having conversations about bringing Song of the South back, so we can talk about what it was and where it came from and why it came out."
"what it was and where it came from and why it came out." That's the important bit, you can't pretend it didn't happen and do a history re-write.
It's bloody racist film for sure, let's predict it didn't happen.
let's not predict
Really?
I read somewhere that Whoopi Goldberg  was brick layer back when
So I have no idea what is true or not with her
accordingly to wilkpedia - "she worked various odd jobs, including as a bank teller, a waitress at a vegetarian restaurant, a mortuary cosmetologist, and a bricklayer"
I guess we all had werid summer jobs to pay for university bills
It was even consisted racist back then? I thought that was norn back then. Have you seen any 50's/60's films with asian people in it? They are always stupid cleaners or cookers. Bruce Lee may asian people cool in 70's in the western world
Yeah monkeys are smart there; they hang out in all of tourist sites
I work from home every day anyway no difference to me
I personally quite like it, I work in my pants and don't have to worry
Reminds of me a video I watched for a island in Japan filled with 100s foxes
They just hang out randomly don't they?
Pigeons to me are like urban cows
In terms of their behaviour and mindset of beings
Sound awesome. Once I was going to to chip tune festival in NYC
I used to be quite into these guys. Not sure they are gone now, probably got a proper jobs
Did you roar at your fans?
The Bit lion you could be called
Funky!
It should be your favourite song of all time
I never actually listened the lyrics to this song, I thought it was saying something else
This is amazing especially at 0.08 in 
What you talking about? Who doesn't like lion song?
You remind me of Spock
You are moody
What number of episode are in for ST season 1?
I think watched 1st 6 episides
I enjoyed what I watched
Ask her to refer you as maestro Ruby
Maestro = master
Maestro is spainish for master
I'm going by google translate, easy tiger
You have learnt something
"I believe all great things created in a place between method and madness" You're method & I'm madnes
I'm a monkey & you're a cliche?
Akira predicted that virus take out the world in 2020
It's a backstory/apart of the fiction universe. Keep up
Bloody virus; going on a date tonight & not sure if we should touch. Do demolition man greeting.
Or just say to her straight "We might die & wanna come my place. I have wipes"
I think its rather funny problem
Whats your dating rules?
1.) Talk about rubies
2.) Look in thier eyes & tell them they have nice "rubies"
Good idea
Depends of defination of a date; for me any romantic evening/event. Like taking your girlfriend to watch Alien is a date
You're done 1000's but you just don't declare them as a "dates"
Ok It was just having a light conversation making fun of the whole situation.
Just going down the road to a dumpling place mate & then local pub. Don't worry.
Yeah Indeedo I hear good things. Always wanted to go but either the place is too busy or person I'm with wants to go somewhere else. I'm looking forward. Defo getting older & fatter
Yeah thanks. As I'm getting older, defo appreciating & learning more about food.
Listening to "invaders must die" again its better than I remember. It's danceable poppy rave music
I remember being super dog crap but it's alright
I remember just thinking it was 100% shitty filter & no killer
It didn't help that I thought "always outnumbered, never outgunned" as one of best pop dance albums of the 00's
All songs were on that album were awesome & also it wasn't prodigy sound/band. It was different sound.
Its hard to do better those albums; it is the problem reached their peak.
Either you have to change your sound or do more of the same.
Yeah the problem when you become too popular
I think bands which are popular but still niche is nice balance but usually end up to one end extreme. Really werid or really poppy & soulless
I remember the quote from extras "either you do it for money or do it for respect. It's hard to do unless you're really talented"
Do both unless you're really talented
It's rare to do anyone that do both. They are hugely respected in their field but make alot money from it.
Indeedo. Its apart of being still relvent & surviving
Anyone seen "straight out of compton"? I really want to like it but there was amiss about it.
Also it was all about them. None of the characters had much screen time or development
None of the other characters I mean
When Ezay died, I didn't care that much
The concept was the best bit
You have a pool? You posh fucker
Not bad compaired to LDN or NYC prices
Yeah I remember reading about this. US version he says Taco bell but UK says Pizza hut
We don't have Taco bell in the UK
I love demolition man
Such a fun self aware film
I feel like demolition man these days
3 sea shells
Bad lanuage machine
I love the rat burger scene
You can get all 6 volumes for Akira comic for Â£100 on Amazon, that is pretty good right? I remember it used to be Â£30 per volume
How Ruby
Oh Ruby
Oh wow!
Sounds amazing
Slack is 10x better than whatsapp
Yeah I prefer the real thing if possible, especially when it is highly visual like comics. Digital is more convenient for sure, just isn't the same. I used to read alot of manga when in my 20's like GTO (which I finished), Naruto (never finished) which took years to read and I remember I used to sell them on Ebay because they were quite hard to find back then.
Thank you for the tips
Boris wants to kill off the oldies so the government doesn't have to pay pensions
You're being quite cultured lately. I had you pegged as this "chips & variables" guy but I got you all wrong
Did you think of it?
Takes one to know one!
I remember trying to you to come to film club with Samir & Lion. I think you just wanted to stay at home eating chips.
Oh Cultured Ruby
Why are apart of that group? It sounds like it winds you up
That girl?
Lacey?
Whatever keeps you happy I guess.
I think people do don't they?
Doesn't surprise me slightly 2bh
Sounds like you don't know what you doing
lol
You should know better too
Bless
What are trying to measure?
What is min effect to measure success for what you are testing?
You are finally embracing the "Lion" within you, I saw this in you years ago
Oh wow! I'm impressed
lol amazng
It's not a tricky question or it's not that hard 2bh, it's a way to think about it. Let's say you want to test a sign in/sign out feature? That what is most simple to test that? Checking APIs or checking the UI?
Which is simple issue even for a QA
You're a god you should be able to figure that out
Using simulators or real devices?
What?
I would use simulators using Android Studio
Or just monitoring tools if you got a live product for live ops
Monitoring you probably need a dev ops
WTF!
There only been 7000 deaths so far, its going to take alot more for the world we know to stop
Lol yeah
Delievroo is in shit place suprised that they are still around
Its not that much of a big deal. Spainish flu in 1920's killed 60 million people
7000 is nothing
It got 10 years roughly
I can't imagine a lion or lioness shitting yourselves
By shitting yourself?
Roooaarrtrrrt
I've been doing that for 8 months already
I go for walk for at least hour during lunch
Yup to get some exercise in & also clears my head, makes me think better
Think about work or game ideas
Helps with stress too
Especially when you deal people moaning at you all the time; makes realise what is a problem/what isn't
He is the man he has donkeys
You talk like a robot, I mean that as compliment
You sound like robot to my ears
Exactly. You are on point. You understand me ðŸ˜ƒ
